Who knew in midst all of the Mexican restaurants, you'd find a diamond in the rough for Chinese food.  Arizona doesn't have many Chinese restaurants to begin with, however this place rivals the places in CA.  It's not the place for ambience or mood, but the food is the most important for the Chinese and this place is great for dinner or dim sum.  \n \nNotes for ordering dishes:\nI loved the garlic pea sprouts\/shoots.  Not all Chinese restaurants this vegetable, but this place makes have it fresh and crunchy and just enough garlic flavor to give it that extra pizzazz.  What I noticed is that this place serves unique fried noodles.  Perfect for vegetarians, this place actually cooked crispy fried noodles unlike most other Chinese restaurant that just comes out with soggy noodles.  Another dish I recommend is their spiced salt tofu. (jiao yan tofu).  Well anything with the spiced salt (jiao yan).  They deep fry the small pieces of tofu or whatever other \"jiao yan\" producing a crunchy crust and mix it with a salty seasoning and jalapenos.  Great for an appetizer!  My family and I also had their steamed whole fish.  Light flavor and prepared beautifully with the entire moist fish out on the table.  Just the sauce and rice alone tastes just as good.  Be sure to try their walnut shrimp.  Be sure you have a big mouth to fit one of these jumbo shrimp in one bite.  The sauce covering the shrimp has just the right amount of tanginess and sweetness that I'm looking for without being too thick.  And the sweet crunchy walnut complements the dish as well.\nOrdering the right dishes can make or break your experiences.  For this restaurant, be sure to pick seafood, their specialty.  They have live fish, crabs, etc in clear tanks so you can pick out your dinner victim.  And of course pick fried anything, especially with their spiced salt (jiao yan).\n\nNotes for dim sum:\nGreat Wall actually has a unique set of dim sum choices that you can't find anywhere in the valley (at least the Chinese dim sum places I've been to).  Although it's a bit more expensive than the other places in the valley I've been to, but it does taste better overall.  Even the basic dim sum dishes like shrimp dumplings, shumai, and chicken feet simply taste better and I would even say taste better than some CA restaurant.  Who'd thought?  Because the dishes are small, you can try many of them and of course I would go for the fried stuff.  :-) However be careful.  Keep your eye out for the moving carts, if what you want has been sitting there for a while, wait for a new batch.  Cold Chinese food just doesn't taste as well.  Only the tin dishes that are covered are fine, because their still hot after the servers make their rounds.  Go on the weekend for a wider selection and be prepared to have a wait.  But the wait isn't that bad compared to some places I've been to in CA.  Great to go with a medium sized party so you can taste more variety, but not have to wait a long time for a table.\n\nOverall, this is a great place to get great Chinese food if you live in the valley and don't want to make a 6hr journey to LA just for good Chinese food (which I have done before).