NOTE: I had a 5 star meal here, but I didn't just stumble into it ass first. In order to properly exhaust a buffet of all it is worth, their must be a certain degree of prior planning and forethought. \n\nI have no time for those people who just show up to the buffet haphazardly, fill their plate with mac and cheese, eat a bunch of bread, wash it all down with a diet soda and then complain that it wasn't worth 50$.\n\nLISTEN....\n\n1. Go for breakfast - Only 25$\n\n2. Stay for lunch - Time it so you get some breakfast time and some lunch time. The last time I went I put down a plate of half a dozens eggs benny and then was able to enjoy a follow up plate of ahi tuna and sushi rolls -it was beautiful. \n\n3. Do a recon round first - Your first plate should be tiny portions of each and everything that catches your eye. Be sure to start at one end and go to the other. This is critical. This way you can taste a bit of everything and plan your 2nd, 3rd, and 4th assault accordingly\n\n3. Do not get anything to drink - Only a clown wastes stomach space on liquids.\n\n4. Be selective - Don't get overwhelmed and fill up on the first white flour based nonsense that catches your eye. The same masterminds that lay out the casinos so that you get lost 19 times on the way back from the ATM are employed to carefully lay out the buffet with your best interest not in mind. Work the edges, go slowly, and keep your head on a swivel.\n\n5. Go for the good stuff - I feel like this goes with out being said, but the fact of the matter is, so many people go to these buffets and treat them like a continental at Super 8. PUT THE CEREAL AWAY, go for the goodies, it's a buffet in Vegas for goodness sake...let loose! Load up on bacon, go hard on the eggs, get your cheese fix, find the best creamy stuff, and ensure that the adjective \"alarming\" is the best way to describe your portion of salmon.\n\n6. CREATE! - So many people think that because the chef put the bacon and eggs in different apparatuses that you are meant to eat them separately. Not the case! Buffets are the perfect place to flex your creative culinary muscle. So go wild! Top your eggs Benedict with pork belly then smother it in gravy, or better yet, take advantage of that smoked salmon for more then just boring cracker stacker -mix it in with eggs, or mix up various sauces\/seasonings\/flavors from around the buffet to create a unique dipping sauce. \n\n7. Time - Timing is critical, but also very tricky. If you gorge yourself right away you get an upset stomach and have to tap out early like a loser. However, if you eat to slow your stomach will start sending full signals based on actual nourishment, as opposed to physical capacity. The best advice is to eat slow and steady, keep a strong pace, but take frequent breathers.\n\n8. CHEW - This is arguably the most overlooked method to proper gut stuffing. I could bore you with the science of it, but let me put it like this, sending food down into your stomach is like a game of Tetris... and chewing your food really good is like sending down straight line after straight line.