My daughter was at a birthday party at Sky Zone on a Saturday afternoon around 3pm.  There were a lot of kids there but it's such a big place it never seemed overly crowded.  Not like when you go to Chuck E Cheese on a weekend!\n\n My kids had been here a few times before but this was the first time I got to go with them.  My daughter is 6 and my son is 8 but he was not invited to the party so he just went and jumped on his own.  \n\n The parking area was packed but I was able to find parking still close to the entrance.  You walk in and you go to the counter to either get checked in for a birthday party or to pay for admission.\n\n     My daughter got checked in for her birthday party and then my son immediately got started in kids dodgeball.\n\n     I let my daughter go have fun with her girlfriends on her own.  They were hanging around for about half hour before they were able to go jump.  Once they were allowed to jump my daughter went to the far end of the building to jump with her friends and they were there almost the whole time.  Which was about an hour.  Adults can jump but not with the kids.  They have their own separate area.  \n\n     So my daughter got to jump for an hour and then her party went to their party room upstairs to eat pizza and have cake.  My son jumped and played dodgeball the whole time.  He never came out of the dodgeball area and was exhausted when he was done.  I seriously wanted to jump in there with him to play and help him out.  So the next best thing that I could do was coach him!  I stood next to the netting area to give him some tips.  I told him to make sure to always have a dodgeball in his hands so he can always block any incoming balls that he can't get away from. He did a did really good after that! I couldn't just let him keep getting hit!\n\n     So he was in a area for just younger kids.  There are other smaller areas for older kids and adults.  The most fun that I saw was he older kids playing dodgeball.  It was intense and very entertaining.  \n\n     My wife and I like to do a lot of active things together but I don't think this is a place for just us.  I think they have late night activates that may just be for adults.  So that could be fun but I really think of this has a huge Chuck E Cheese without he rat and a tone of trampolines.  I would go here before going to Chuck E Cheese any day though.\n\n     It was a colder rainy day here so this is a great place to take your kids if they can't play outside.  It's clean and safe.  Also I thought the kids had a really good birthday party experience too.\n\nThe prices are 30 minutes to jump for 12$\n60 for $16\n90 for $20\n120 for $22 This is the best bargain