So I FINALLY made it to the Melting Pot.  A group of 6 of us went last night for Restaurant Week (which I highly recommend - $30 per person for 4 courses).  I have always heard great things about the Melting Pot and have been wanting to try it out for the longest time.  The hostess and the waitresses were both amazing.  They were really good and patient with us considering it was our first time there, and we all had no clue what we were doing.  \n\nWe started out with the Appetizer course.  We got to pick 2 types of cheeses for dipping our Bread, apples, and fresh vegetables.  We chose the Wisconsin Trio & the Fondue a la France.  I think the consensus was that the Wisconsin Trio was better, but they both were delightful. Next we all got to pick a salad.  I chose the Caesar.  Next we moved onto our Entrees.  We either got to choose between... \n\nThe Coastal which included blackened scallops, cedar plank salmon, breast of chicken, teriyaki sirloin, white shrimp, and spinach & artichoke ravioli  \n\nor\n\nThe French which included filet mignon, chicken Provencal, roasted garlic shrimp, peppercorn NY Strip, ratatouille & goat cheese ravioli, and asparagus\n\nSince there was 6 of us in the party, 3 of us chose The Coastal, and 3 of us chose The French so we could just taste and mis-match them all.\n\nThey give you the choice of two kinds of dipping broth to use to cook all of your entrees.  We chose the Coq au Vin and Court Bouillon. I personally enjoyed the filet mignon, chicken Provencal, goat cheese ravioli, teriyaki sirloin, and spinach & artichoke ravioli.\n\nAfter all this, we moved on to the Dessert course. We got to choose two types of Chocolate dipping sauces.  First was the DISARONNO® Meltdown which is Silky white chocolate swirled with Disaronno® Originale Amaretto and second was the Flaming Turtle which is Milk chocolate, caramel and chopped pecans.  Yum Yum and more Yum!!!  They are served with cheesecake, pound cake, brownies, marshmallows, Rice Krispies treats, bananas and strawberries.\n\nAfter all that I think we were all ready to take a big nap.... and were busting at the seams of our pants!!! Haha.  I have to say I highly recommend this place, not just for the amazing food, but the experience.  This was a 3 hour dinner that seemed like an hour.  The laughing and the fun of cooking and dipping your own food was so enjoyable.  This place is great for a good group of friends or even a date night between two people.\n\nAnd just one more thing... Since your cooking the food right at your table, your going to smell like your food, so I highly recommend not wearing clothing that isn't easy to wash into the Melting Pot, and also leave your jacket in your car..... lol.