Well I guess my karma came back to me last night, at least that's what I would like to think. I pulled into the parking lot of this new Smashburger to meet my daughter so we could carpool to Savers Thrift Store for their half off Labor Day sale. We were to meet at Elliot and 101 and this was about the only place close to the freeway with a parking lot that was easy to find. There just aren't a lot of businesses around here--no gas stations or drugstores etc. This turned out to be fortuitous.\n\nI parked and waited for my daughter to arrive. When I got out of the car to wave to her to show her where I was, a nice young man, who I later found out was Mike, asked if we were planning to come in to Smashburgers. I told him that I had planned to ask my daughter if she wanted to grab a bite to eat there and he said that actually they weren't opening until Wednesday but tonight they were having their Friends and Family Night starting at five and if we would like to join them we were welcome to!  I told him that we would love to if we got back in time and made sure it would be okay for my daughter to leave her car there while we were gone . He said that would be fine but suggested she park it at a little further back in the lot, so she did.\n\nWe got back to the area around 6 and went into the restaurant, which was fairly full but still had a few tables left, went to the counter and I ordered a Smashburger with goat cheese, arugula lettuce, cucumber, and Apple cured bacon with a side of their Haystack Onion Rings. My daughter got her favorite, a bacon cheeseburger, with a side of fries.   They gave us each a cup for a drink. I got some vitamin water that was acai and pomegranate flavored. Periodically a girl walked around with a tray full of sample size cups of milkshakes.  During the course of the evening we were able to taste vanilla, Oreo, and chocolate.  All were creamy and good.\n\nThe burgers were delicious with what was obviously real meat, no filling, and all the ingredients were fresh and tasty.  The French fries I thought were just sort of average but the onion rings were absolutely heavenly. They were thread thin and crispy and so delicate they practically fell apart when you picked them up.  I loved them!  I would come back for another burger and more of those onion rings at the drop of a hat. The burger was cooked well done, which I know they have to do, though I do prefer mine a little pink in the middle. But the texture and flavor of the burger were perfect.  There was no gristly chewiness, just good quality meat . I would say the service was good though they were naturally very busy and didn't get back to check on us very often. However we didn't need anything other than a second sample of milkshake so we were fine.  They even brought us an extra hamburger by mistake but let us keep it and brought a to go box, which I thought was very nice.\n\nAll in all it was a very nice evening. We enjoyed ourselves immensely, got a big kick out of getting a free meal that was delicious, and I plan to go back.  I can recommend this place with a clear conscience.\n\nBack in the area February 2017 and head look forward to returning to this place. My daughter and I stopped in one evening before we went to the Tempe Cinema to a movie and we're again very happy with our food. I was impressed with the good flavor the hamburger had and the haystack, thinly sliced fried onions were as delicious as I remembered!