I went to this bar with a Bachelorette party, and I was looking forward to going because I am a 'rocker' and I heard that this place is awesome for 'rockers'. I must also mention that I really hate clubbing\/clubs\/clubbers. No offense, I just can't dance and don't really drink--so what's the point?\nAnyway...so we get there and were let up onto the VIP section where I found an empty seat (unbeknownst to me at the time, it was at someone's table that had paid to be up there) and my friend left her jacket on the seat. We got up to go check out the tattoo parlour and when we came back we were greeted by possibly the RUDEST bouncer I've EVER MET. He refused to let us back up into the VIP section...(fine...we didn't pay extra to be up there, we just somehow found ourselves up there at first but the rest of our entire party were up there still...) so when we just asked to get my friend's jacket back at least, he refused to let us up to get it. He said if she wanted her jacket back, she'd have to wait until everyone left the bar and if it was still there, she'd get it back. Um...Excuse me? It's a JACKET, and its WINTER. Let the girl get her coat! Ugh. The bouncer almost went as far as PUSHING us down the 3 steps that led up to the VIP section, so we just went around to the other side (where we'd gained access to begin with), went right up to the VIP and got the jacket. What a jack-ass. That alone made me never want to step foot in there again.\nThe second disappointment...the music. I thought this was a ROCK BAR. I was excited to hear ROCK music!! This was like, rock-lite. Hell I heard Jay-Z there. Jay-Z is NOT ROCK. I made some requests to the DJ (who was very polite...but it wasn't DJ Dwight...maybe he's moved on?) like Judas Priest, Metallica...songs I would want to hear at a Rock bar, and he said he couldn't play them because no one would like it. What?? That was the final straw...power-tripping bouncers who treat girls like shite and a 'rock' bar that won't play 'rock' music. \nYou are the weakest link, good-bye!