I stopped by here with a friend for lunch. When I first walked in there wasn't any where to sit. Inside it is small and there aren't very many tables, but by the time we ordered our food there was a table that opened up. They have expanded some, so there's at least more places to sit than before. Hole in the wall bbq is the best way I can describe Jessie Rae's after walking inside and honestly I wouldn't want any less. Inside was clean and there were different bbq sauces on the table all of which were good. I recently came by with a group of friends for dinner and they were giving half off the entire menu (just for that evening) to celebrate their Best of Las Vegas win. Nice! \n\nThree Meat Combo ($19.99) - Pick 3 meats or triple up on your favorite. This combo includes one side. The pulled pork has been inconsistent when I've visited as far as flavor, texture and look. The hot links are tasty with a nice kick of flavor. It's the brisket though that shines. Tender, juicy and flavorful brisket can be chopped per your request should you like.\n\nJive Chicken ($8.75 regular size) - Waffles fries piled with smoked hand-pulled chicken? Sign me up! The waffle fries had just the right crispness and held up all the toppings well. The chicken had a great flavor and was well l liked by others in my group also. \n\nThe Belt Buckle ($11.25 regular size) - This is like the Jive Chicken, but we asked for tater tots instead of waffle fries on this one. The tater tots were crispy, tasty gems. The brisket was piled high they did not skimp. The tots really did well holding up the juicy brisket. This with either the tots or waffle fries would be a great thing for a group to share and they have a larger size also. \n\nCorn with Smoked Butter ($2.75) - This sounded better than it was. The corn wasn't bad, but it honestly tasted like corn from a can that was heated up in butter. \n\nBBQ Beans ($2.75) - I ate every bite of these beans the first visit and did the very same on the next. They drizzle a bit of bbq sauce on the top of the beans and I could have eaten another side because these beans oh my they were so good! \n\nMac and Cheese ($2.75) - The first time I came the mac and cheese was very good. This last visit the mac n cheese wasn't at all the same taste or texture. I'd have rather doubled up on beans! Maybe it was just an off night for the mac and cheese since they were so busy, so I won't rule it out again in the future. \n\nThey have a variety of sandwiches on the menu and mini cobbler for dessert. There's a private parking lot, but when it gets busy cars park on the street at the side of the building.