This was a one star experience, but the manager made up for it so I'm adding on another star. \n\nMy mom and I went to see a Fathom Events movie, which are more expensive, probably because they are usually one day things and not usually extremely popular, and the prices are not different for a matinee. It was $25 for two to see a 2pm movie! Anyway, the concessions were kind of odd--one girl was working getting the concessions as well as ringing up customers, which ordinarily wouldn't be a problem, except the \"checkout\" area is like a cafeteria, and in an entirely different area than behind the food counter. This required her to call out, \"I'll be right back!\" to us and several other customers. It was weird. \n\nNext, the lights stayed on for around 20-30 minutes after the movie had started inside the theater. My mom went out to find someone to turn them off, and about 5 minutes later, they did. No one was paying attention to showtimes, obviously, and didn't know that there was a showing at that time in that theater. I know that movie theaters are generally cold, but this was truly freezing. I was not alone in my shivering--others were curled into themselves and I saw one teenager with his knees and arms inside his shirt. \n\nAfter the movie was over, the lights didn't get turned on. Being a matinee, there was a fair amount of white-heads in the theater and I was concerned for them falling in a dark theater! I went out to find someone to have them turn on the lights. The woman who I told about the lights looked at me with her mouth open like she was so scared that someone was actually talking to her. She did not turn on the lights inside the theater, or send someone who could, because nearly every person who was exiting said to her that the lights weren't on.\n\nI went to speak to a manager about someone not doing their job and keeping track of showtimes and, you know, turning lights off and on inside movie theaters. They did make it right and give us two vouchers for a future showing at any Cinemark\/Century, though I can guarantee it won't be this one.