Yakety Yak! Don't come back!\n\nThis chain restaurant is relatively new and located near the new shopping sprawl of Harvard Park in Warrensville Heights. Situated right next door to the latest Olive Garden, that alone should set off a luminous evil chain vibe before you even set foot in the door. \n\nThe building and ambiance were both very impressive, I'll give them that. It almost reminded me of a Mexican Cheesecake Factory. I wouldn't be the least bit surprised if they both shared the same architect. Inside there were giant, brightly colored murals canvasing the walls. I also remember a water fountain with a rather imposing statue made of stone overlooking the dinning room. The ceiling is tall and is painted to resemble a blue sky. It's also illuminated, as if to simulate sunlight. Don't be fooled with all the gimmickry though, this place is as fake as the clouds painted on the ceiling. (For instance, this place serves mashed potatoes! What type of Mexican restaurant serves mashed potatoes!?)\n\nThe group of six I was with started with margarita's. 15 minutes later, the drinks arrived. When they were empty, another 15 minutes to get refilled. By the time the third drink arrived I was sober and cranky. Right off the bat, nothing can spoil a dining experience more so than lousy service. Nothing that is except for a lousy appetizer.....\n\nThe appetizer list consisted of Nachos, Quesadillas and a few dipping sauces for the tortilla chips. How's that for originality?! I think Taco Bell's Value Menu is more extensive that Abuelo's app list!  We settled on the Chili Con Queso and the Guacamole. The Con Queso was basically cheese flavored water. No texture, no flavor. I would've been more satisfied with melted Velveeta than this disaster in a bowl. This was obviously quite a disappointment, but not completely useless as I drank the cheese water to quench my thirst while I was still waiting on my 3rd margarita. \n\nFor my main course, I had an enchilada of some sort. Again, it was that forgettable as I barely remember. Bland, uninspiring and sloppy looking. It surely didn't depict the pictures on the menu. \n\nOh and I more thing, there is a reason why the prices aren't listed on their website. When I got the bill, I almost regurgitated my cheese water! Traditionally, Mexican food is inexpensive. The ingredients are basic (especially at this place) and the prices are usually reasonable. Not at Abuelo's. The quality of food and service here certainly doesn't justify the premium prices either. \n\nThis one is a real stinker. Stay away at all costs.