TAKE 4!!!! REALLY AGAIN!!!! ROFLMAO some people NEVER learn... I swear this man is an evil genius... but everytime he updates his responses to my review.  I update my reviews so... TAKE 4... let's address the newest 5 day old response... \n\nAGAIN NO I have never met this man in person, but my former Personal Assistant did.\n\nAGAIN I do not, nor have I ever, nor will I ever work for a pest control company. ANYWHERE... (Will someone please explain to the world how I could afford 3 homes, 5 cars, and personal assistants on a Bug Company Salary??? CTFU I'd love to upload my IRS Estimated Payment Coupons...  maybe I will with blacked out relevant info to prove my point. BAHAHA)\n\nAGAIN I know you didn't complete service for me... THAT was my intial complaint you showed up hella late and were rude then chose not to do the job. I POSTED PHOTOS of CALLS and TEXTS and EMAILs on the 1st or maybe the 2nd review...\n\nAGAIN I know you are located in TEMPE. I called you to do an inspection job in PHOENIX, but didn't purchase the property, backed out of the purchase after finding several issues with the property... and instead purchased a condo in Scottsdale. \n\nSIR HAVE SEVERAL SEATS... why can't I just be dissatisfied with the interaction and lack of service? Why can't I just be a well paid, successful, mildy snarky, lady who doesn't work for some competitor?\n\nNEWS FLASH- an I am sorry you weren't satitisfied with our interaction. What can we do to change your mind about us? THAT would have gone really far before you wasred my time, called me names, made multiple attempts to belittle me, called my crazy, tried attacking my character and my credibility. Be a man if you F up fess up, and try to fix it... just a token of superior intellect being dropped your way. Take it or leave it. Thanks for the laughs though cuz whew I always have good ones because of you. \n\n\nDEAR YELPERS- before hiring this company please do yourself a favor read the negative reviews and see there is a common thread. There is a complaint about service and the owner calls the reviewers some form of crazy, delusional,  and then accuses them of working for the competition. Have some laughs grab a cocktail share this link with a friend. Oh this review is Titled TAKE 4!!! This is the four response to his lunacy, but its funny... PROMISE worth the reads