\"Fancy a shoe shine Governaaa?\"  (Governor for you non-British)\n\nAuthentic British style Pub...enough said. George & Dragon is fabulous! On the outside it looks mediocre at best, though the British feel is felt as soon as you walk in and see all the different Football Club Flags, Football Jerseys, (Soccer for you non-British) and UK country flags, and other miscellaneous pub paraphernalia. Inside, the place is warm and inviting, the tables have the Union Jack, English Cross, and London Underground Logos on them. The crescent shape booths are comfortable, and the bar has ample seating. This is place you go to with friends, or a date, and just spend hours talking over some pints.  The music is chosen by the patrons via a \"secret\" jukebox, so it can vary from Van Morrison, to Curtis Mayfield, to Outkast.  I went with my favorite pub \"friend', one that we can just talk for several hours and not really notice the time, so it made the experience that much more enjoyable. This is really a place you can just loose track of time and amount of pints consumed, as you expect to walk outside and hop on some form of public transportation and make your way back to your flat (apartment for you non-British). I guess the war zone that is Central Ave, will bring us a form of transportation in this area, but judging by the condition of this road, we have a bit of time to wait.  As I was waiting for my friend I chatted up a guy sitting outside about how I drove from The Roosevelt to G&D on Central Ave. He asked me \"what do you have a 4x4?\" and was serious. I said \"No I have a Golf, but it's German.\"  Moral of this story, avoid Central Ave. at all costs.  \nThe one small downside, (bathroom issue) is the size of the bathrooms, they have just one toilet,  for men and one for women, which really is meant  for just one person at a time. In traditional European fashion,  I was \"doubled up on\".  As I went in to relieve myself, a dude just followed me in and was planning on using the above mentioned toilet, as I took the urinal.  I said \"Hey, you doubling up in here?\" He proceeded to respond \"Hey we are guys, it's cool\" This is the type of place that doubling up in the men's bathroom is OK, it just adds to th charm, hey you could triple up here, as they do have a sink as well. ;)