Saturday night and we had plans to meet another couple at Yard House for dinner and drinks.  We were seated right away at a high top table close to the bar and kitchen entrance.  Pretty busy area to say the least.\n\nWe were greeted by a nice young guy to take our drink orders.  We all ordered beer.  My girlfriend and I always order Coors Light and Bryce (our server) gave us a hard time being that we were at the \"Yard House\" ordering a domestic beer. haha  He recommended the light beer which I went with and I must say it was pretty darn good.  My BF on the other hand ordered a raspberry beer (a girly foofoo beer I guess. haha).  With that said, it was the focus on the rest of the night because our dear server Bryce was not going to let him live that down.  (read on)\n\nAs we went over our menus Bryce brought the BF a kids menu (hence the beer reference).  So you know its going down at this point.  It's on son! LOL  That followed by a straw in BF's beer when he wasn't looking...totally crackin-up-classic.  So silly.\n \nVARIETY is where its at on this menu.  Huge assortments of food and drinks....what more could you want to satisfy a craving for a fab Saturday night out.  I had beer, sushi and Italian all in one sitting.  How's that for variety. Amen!\n\nRun Down:\nAppetizer the California Roll: - It is huge, great to share, totally delish. It is literally  one piece of a sushi roll-but times 10 in size topped with snowcrab and avacado...a definite must try.\nMe - Penne with chicken, mushrooms, asparagus, sundried tomatoes in a cream sauce - Never ever a disappointment (definitely not a dish for the diet)\nBF - Orange Peel Chicken - Total Yum.  He gets it all the time and loves it.\n\nTo end the meal Bryce brought over a to-go kids cup in case BF wanted to take his drink with him (not for real because Im not sure you can do that). haha  What a delight Mr. Bryce was.  He definitely has that something special to add to customer service.  I hope his manager takes notice!  We will be back hoping to get his table again.\n\nAnyways, food and ambiance are always amazing.  They have a cool outdoor patio with TVs which is definitely fun watching your favorite teams play.  Anything we have ordered on this menu has been consistently perfect.  I do think that the mac&cheese is one of my favorite dishes and the hummus is yummy too.  The service is always good.  This is a regular stop for us and we will be back soon for sure.  My stomach is growling just thinking about it....hey it is FRIDAY!!! ;)