I took my car there because initially it was the weekend and no one else was open.  Upon arriving to this shop of course the owner Juan greeted me with promises of completing my Audi TT within a week.  The work consisted of them installing a body kit and a complete paint job.  He told me that the job would be completed within a week and that I had nothing to worry about because they run 24\/7.  \n\nSo when the week came, I went up there to view the progress that was made.  For the week they only took off my front bumper.  Since the owner was never there at the shop I always had to relay any message to his admin.  I informed the admin to have him call me in which he never did.  \n\nTwo weeks in, I went back up to the shop to see the progress that was made to my vehicle once again  The owner Juan told me that my car would be completed the following day.  So when I proceeded to come up there I saw that nothing was done to my car, but them taking off my front and rear bumpers, the hood, and the truck cover.  So nothing was completed on my car like he promised.  Also, he was about to paint my black and not the color I requested.  The owner Juan couldn't even call me to verify if he had the right color because allegedly his computer was on the fritz.  I started to notice how unorganized they were as well. So I started to make other arrangements with a different body shop.  \n\nThe owner is full of crap and he will never call you back for anything to give you any status even as he was going to paint my car in a color that was not originally stated.  The only time that I was called (not by the owner) was to verify the color of the diamond grid inserts. I could see the amusement on their faces as I kept coming back from the other side of Las Vegas for which nothing all for nothing (wasted much time and gas).  It makes it even worse when they lie that I should come there in which he knows that the vehicle isn't complete.  \n\nEven though I do feel bad what happened to his team members being in a car accident, he should have informed me of their incident so I could have made other arrangements.  I spent money on car rentals and took days off of work waiting for my small car to be completed.  The work that I saw them doing on other vehicles where were shoddy at best.  When I was back in their shop it like their paint jobs consisted of them using a couple cans of cheap spray paint that was used to tag a wall with gang signs.    \n\nAfter I saw their crappy work first hand, I immediately took my car to another reputable body shop.  But before I left, I cussed out the owner by primarily telling him that his business practice were shady and that he is a liar for telling me that my car was completed not once, but several times. Even as the quote that he gave sounded like a great deal, but don't ever take that into consideration.  Since the owner is never at his own shop, the workers there don't care about your vehicle and they lie just like the owner. From first hand experience this body shop is shady and if you want to be upset, spend extra time and money then this is the place to go.   Even though it sounds like a great deal (don't pay them up front), you will get what you paid for and it will be nothing in return. Some heed of advice is that you always read the reviews, at least I got pictures to prove.