After a long day of moving out of my condo, my friend and I needed something refreshing. She check yelp and The Chocolate Moose popped up... we looked through reviews and some people mentioned a CAKE SHAKE! A cupcake and ice cream mixed together to make a shake... it sounded interesting so we thought we'd give it a try. \n\nIts located in the same plaza at Smiths. Really cute decor, but limited seating. It only had 3, 4-tops. The lady working there was so sweet, and helpful. We were both given samples of her chocolate mousse, which I enjoyed. She told me that she sold them in a small or medium cup and she also made some sort of chocolate cake with chocolate mousse covered in chocolate. It looked really good, but I already had my eye on one of the cupcakes. Maybe next time I'll give it a try!\n\nCupcakes are $3.25 for regular ones and specialty ones are $3.75. There were only 5 flavors, I'm not sure if they change daily. There was caramel chocolate, butter scotch, german chocolate, pina colada and chocolate peanut butter. They all looked AMAZING but we settled on one caramel chocolate and one butter scotch. Apparently their caramel chocolate cupcake is their take on the samoa girl scout cookies, which are MY FAVORITE. \n** I tried the caramel chocolate cupcake and felt that the frosting was wayyyy too sweet. The coconut chocolate topping was also very sweet, and I couldn't finish the entire thing. I ended up scooping off all of the frosting and just eating the cupCAKE part. The frosting probably hardened overnight so it came off easily. The cake part itself was moist and quite good. I probably won't order a cupcake again unless its in a cake shake. \n\nThere are 12 flavors of thrifty ice cream... I remembered 2 interesting flavors, blood orange and a cinnamon something that tasted exactly like horchata. My friend and I decided to go with chocolate brownie and mint n chip. It's about $2.89 or so for a single scoop... which is on the high side, but Thrifty ice cream shops sell a single scoop for almost the same price. We were able to try the ice cream flavors before making a decision. \n\nI saw that they also sell other items like sandwiches, cookies, scones, cheesecake... but next time I come back I'll give their cake shake a try! I'm so glad to have found this hidden gem.