** Warning warning, this is a Gay guy review of the show ** :) \n\nOk, before I go into the review a little background first, I always have a thing for cute men dancing males revue shows. I always wanted to go to a male revue show in Vegas, I narrowed down to this one or Thunder Down Under and since I like American boys better than the Aussies so I picked this. I was supposed to come last month October for my birthday with this guy I was dating but we sorta broke up, he's in Japan and I came to Vegas to see this. \n\nAnyway, I was at the Rio for the first time was instantly attracted to seeing this show. I was hesitant a bit since I wasn't sure if it's a good idea for a gay guy to see a bunch of straight hotties dancing in their undies or lack of. I spoke with Caesars reps and they assured me the show is very LGBT friendly. :) I purchased ticket at my hotel and boy Did I glad to see this show.  \n\n**The theater Chippendales is in the back by Smash burger, it's a very small intimate theater. I picked up my ticket and everyone there were so nice and professional. I feel like no judgment from them. I'm sure Chippendales know they have many gay fans. They have a flirt lounge for you to buy drinks and mingle with the men afterwards. The show itself was quite entertaining, funny and awesome. I was in the hot seats section 3rd row, next to 2 blond skinny women. Lol, man oh man, all the ladies in the house Went GAGA and crazy. It was so loud. The boys put on an awesome show, basically, all of my gay fantasies are presented here. They have the Military, American act, the Motorcycle act, the dreamy Bedroom humping, nude shower and banging the Couch act Lol. I thought all the guys were pretty sexy and hot. They have a diversity cast. I think my 3 favorites were the 2 shorter blond guys and 1 guy I recognized from the Amazing race, James Davis. During the performance, one blond guy came right next to me, he was humping the woman next to me. I was like LOL, OMG lol,\n\n**They all have gorgeous sexy bods as hell. Oh and there were about 6-7 other gay guys in the audience with me. I honestly was screaming and going gaga over the guy who did the Humping pillow act and I think I saw one of the guy's junk during a wardrobe malfunction lol. But yes, they picked about 3-4 ladies up on stage for a private dancing show. Lol, this reminds me of the movie Magic Mike lol. No photos or recording until the last part finale of the show. You can take photo with the guys for a small fees. They were hogged by everyone lol, I didn't take a photo with them though but it was still all good. But yes, I'm glad that I saw this show in Vegas. The men are so sweet, sexy and cool. Now the real question is, where can a gay single man snag a handsome guy like a Chippendale dancer for a boyfriend?? lol