I've had take out here before but I finally got to dine in one night after finishing up what seemed like a very long and hard semester. Me and the beau wanted to celebrate so I suggested to come to Leticia's.\n\nLocated right off the freeway in the Centennial area, it reminded me of Tavoli Village actually. It was a very cute location and secluded. Upon walking in at 6pm it was pretty busy. We waited only about 20 minutes though. When you check in you receive a free house margareita so I took advantage of that. The beau got a guava jalapeno margareita. Oh that was delish!\n\nOf course a red and green salsa and bean dip w\/ chips came out. I always appreciate that because sometimes you just have the munchies as you wait for your food.\n\nSo I ordered ceviche with crab. oh my goodness, that was one of the best ceviches I ever had. The crab just made it extea amazing. It wasn't too sour because I hate when it is. It was the perfect amount. I had to order fresh guac of ocurse. Their guac is topped with a slice of queso which is apreciated also. You can also add crab on the guac, we didn't, but that sounds like a good idea! i love crab.\n\nI got pork\/beef pozole. I honeslty have had authentic home made pozole so in my mind I always compare it so Leticia's pozole didn't really cut it for me but the beau really liked it. It didn't have all the spices that I craved in it I dont know what was missing. \n\nWe also ordered carne, chicken, shrimp Molcajete. That was a lot of food. It was sooooo good! that is something I reccomend if you are dining with friends because that could be easily shared. \n\nThe waiter, I forgot his name, was amazing. He really helped us in information about the menu and ordering the right foods. He was awesome! everything came out in a reasonable time. We did order a lot of food for 2 so it was appreciated it did not come out all at once because we wouldn't have room on the table and that was all due to our waiter. \n\nI ordered a CocoFlan to go because I was so full but I needed dessert for later. That was amazing. The chocolate cake was very moist and the flan wasn't too sweet. It was perfect.\n\nOverall, it was a good dine in experience and I can not wait to return.