I would have loved to have given this show a higher rating. For a second tier Vegas show, it's a lot better than one might expect. A simple but inspired premise, enjoyable songs, solid set design, an adept capturing of much of the look and feel of old Las Vegas, lively staffing and a generally gung-ho cast...there's a lot to like. \n\nWhat derails this show markedly is the bizarre performance of Josh Strickland, the gentleman who plays Sinatra, Elvis, Tom Jones and Elton John. He's actually quite talented, but he's a total disaster in this show. \n\nI was shocked upon googling cast names for this review to find Mr. Strickland is Broadway's original \"Tarzan\"--because his singing is so disturbingly affected. To put it kindly, whoever gave the man vocal coaching should be beaten senseless. \n\nFirst, despite a precise tone, Strickland inexplicably restrains entire phrases of music internally, following that by giving full diaphragmatic support to the end of the phrase, the way an older Al Pacino delivers all his lines. It works (kinda) for Al, but for Josh it's just plain stupid. \n\nHe also sustains each and every note, which is incredibly irritating to the listener. Somebody teach the poor guy the meaning of the musical term \"rest.\" Every song he sings sounds like a congressional filibuster. It's an unacceptably mannered trainwreck of a trait that should have been drummed out of him by the director, Tiger Martina, immediately. \n\nAnd speaking of the director, Martina also fails Mr. Strickland by allowing him to completely ignore vocal imitations. (Hell, physical imitations as well, but more on that later.)\n\nJosh does absolutely NOTHING to sound like Sinatra, Jones, Elvis or Elton. In fact, I'd be completely accurate to say he intentionally reinterprets them. \n\nI don't know about you, but I didn't come to a show that brings back to life Frank Sinatra, Elvis Presley and a young Tom Jones and Elton John to hear remakes. By contrast, David Villella does a quite passable Dean Martin impression. It's not perfect, but it doesn't need to be: it's reminiscent, which is more than okay. And Derrick Adams acquits himself subtly but nicely as Sammy Davis Jr., which Reva Rice absolutely nails Tina Turner vocally and gives it the ol' college try physically. \n\nJosh Strickland's take on portraying all four of his major performers is simply to be Josh Strickland in four different costumes, singing exactly the same way Josh Strickland sings every song: decidedly strangely. \n\nAnd when I say costumes, I mean just the bottom: there is no effort to mirror any Elvis hair or chops, or Tom Jones' curly locks. Even Strickland's Sinatra hat is off; he looks more like Bruno Mars than Frankie.\n\nIt's a shame, because the show itself is enjoyable. Yes, the dancers are clunky, hesitating in their high heels when first-tier showgirls would be gliding. But they're lovely. Everyone else's singing is first-rate, including a fine version of \"Midnight Train to Georgia\" with a powerful lead vocal by Rice and tight harmonies by the ersatz Pips. (Trivia: who was the song written about? If you said Farrah Fawcett--but who did?--you'd be right.)\n\nBottom line: a fast-paced and breezy experience, needlessly driven to ruin by the talented but desperately-in-need-of-direction Josh Strickland, who needs to relearn how to use his voice before he should be allowed to perform a musical again.