This needs to be posted on every APS Yelp page until they consolidate al of them. \n\nAPS is absolutely deplorable. They have a complete monopoly on Phoenix.  Consumers don't have a choice for power service provider and because APS knows this, they charge like old mob racket. I have had service with them, again, no choice, and one day I get a letter stating that I have a security deposit required. I had service at this new address for 5 months before this came to so I called. They told me because I was past the due date that they can at their discretion ask for one. EVEN AFTER SERVICE HAS BEEN CONNECTED.  I obviously have no choice in the matter. I asked them what past due meant. They told me after 13 days!!! My mortgage allows 30 days. The credit bureau reporting system is based on 30 days. The whole world works off 30 days. Past due after 15. Very crafty how the bill is due JUST before most people would pay their bills from their paycheck on the 15th. \n\nThey charge me 1.5 times my bill for the last 12 months. Now remember, I have only been there for 5 months so rather than judge it on MY last bills which are low, I have to be averaged off of another family. So the deposit was massive. \nSo I tell them (based on principal) that I cannot afford to pay it. So they say they will separate it into 2 payments (how generous). So I make the first payment of 80. Mind you, this is NOT for services rendered. \nNext month I get my bill in the mail, and like every month, I pay it.  \n\nFew days later my power gets shut off.  I think its a building fuse or from a storm, but as I am walking to the maint office, I see the yellow tag on my meter. \n\nSo I call APS and say WTF?? They tell me I was shut off for non payment. I quickly log on to my bank and see it was paid and I tell them this. They say, \" no, it was for security deposit\". I asked them what do I owe on my service. They said nothing. I said, so I got disconnected over an arbitrary deposit when my bill is paid in full? They said yes. \n\nThey then tell me there is a reconnection fee and if I want it done that day there is 100 rush fee.  Now, this is all happening in the morning. I went to the gym and came home within the hour. So you know the service guy was within a mile. \n\nI talked to the \"manager\" and he was \" nice enough to cut me a break\" and not charge a reconnection fee. So I waited until the next day so I wouldn't have to pay the rush fee, and avoid reconnection. So because it was a cool 115 that day, I had to sleep at my gf's, WITH MY 2 KIDS!!!!\n\nThe next day all of my food was bad and still cost me over 100 for no reason.  \n\nAPS needs to be stopped and there needs to be regulation.