I got ripped off by their \"First $20 on us\" promotion. The woman at the players club desk told me that the current promotion was that the first time I went down $20 on slots, they would reimburse it. She did not give any specific instructions so I thought it would be as easy as that. I went to the first machine I saw, put in a $20, and played it til it was gone. I then went back to the desk to claim the promotion. \nI asked her how to do that, and she was incredibly condescending to me. She started rattling off something about My Personal Bank and all these other terms that were completely foreign to me because I had never played slots before. She just said it all like it was completely obvious. I asked her to elaborate because I was confused, and she sighed and repeated the exact same thing but more patronizing this time. She then called the slots manager who took me back to the machine I had been at. \nApparently your players card has to be in the whole time, not just read once at the beginning. Maybe obvious to some, but I had never played slots before and no one explained to me what to do. The slots manager was even worse than the woman at the desk. It eventually came down to her ignoring everything I said and constantly interrupting me with the same question over and over, \"Does this day card accepted?\" (pointing at what the machine says when the card is in). I tried to tell her that I didn't know I needed to look for it to say Card Accepted, as no one told me how it works. She just kept shouting the same question until I finally said yes, then she stormed off. \nI went back to the desk to complain that I still hadn't been helped, and we just went through the whole thing again. She belittled me, asking me if I can read. The whole time she just kept deflecting everything I said, derailed the conversation by repeating the same irrelevant question until I answered it, and making me feel stupid. \n\nGood customer service would have been to refund the $20 like they said they would even though I didn't do the card reader right. \nAverage service would have been to tell me sorry, we can't do anything, but here's how it works for next time. \nBad customer service would have been to just tell me too bad, you should have read the fine print.\nBut this? They would above and beyond bad customer experience. I didn't even care that I was out twenty bucks. But did they have to be SO rude about it? Their job is to keep the casino's money, I get that. But these people took it upon themselves to go out of their way to make me feel like shit. I guess that's just how they have fun at work.\n\nFuck this place.