I read reviews on this place before my fiance and I went there for my birthday last weekend. I knew it was in the ghetto but we were trying to have fun while still saving money. We figured that since we were getting the Luxury Spa Room and they had free valet parking available (free meaning they tack on an extra $8 a day, but that wasn't a big deal on the whole) we wouldn't have to deal with any of those issues.\n\nWhen we got to the hotel, the room was not much larger than the cheapest motel room we can find here in Long Beach. The \"oversized jetted garden tub\" advertised on their website was a little bit wider than the average tub but much shorter. I'm only 5'4\" and I couldn't lay in the tub, I had to either sit up straight or put my feet out. Not very relaxing. Thanks to the bed and pillows that were so awful I had back pains the entire weekend, I was hoping the \"jacuzzi\" tub would help sooth me. It made things worse because it was so uncomfortable.\n\nWhen we very politely expressed our disappointment they offered to \"do us a favor\" and upgrade us to the next room up...for $200. What a nice favor.\n\nEven though the room was something like 35% off the normal price, we still feel incredibly ripped off. This was NOT worth the money.\n\nWe considered leaving and getting a refund but we were so tired we just decided to make due. We went down to the casino and gambled a little. What a terrible place to gamble. Not only do most of the dealers not speak English, they are not very polite. This was my first time in Vegas as an adult and they made me feel like crap for it. They kept snapping at me in Vietnamenglish and it got to the point that I just couldn't stay there anymore. They had me on the brink of tears just for not knowing how to properly play blackjack.\n\nThe first night was just terrible because I was scared to even go outside to get the car. The view of the out-of-business hotel with the broken down fence and the bums walking through traffic asking people in their cars for money made me so nervous that we just stayed at the hotel instead of going somewhere to enjoy ourselves. I live in downtown Long Beach, I'm not afraid of bums, but this place looked so shady that I thought we might be shanked.\n\nThe view from the top was alright. I suppose I'd have enjoyed it more if it didn't just accentuate the fact that our room had a view of a parking garage.\n\nThe one positive about this place is Roxy's, their 24-hour diner. They had a very nice, very friendly staff. There was a long wait but the atmosphere was nice. The food is expensive but understandably so. And frankly, it was incredibly delicious.\n\nBottom line: I would not recommend this place to anyone, ever. There are better places you could stay at for the same price.