Platoon FX is located in aviation park NE. Within the industrial area (right beside an air field, lol)\n\nPlatoon FX offers a nutrition center, a set of nurtionists and trainers, and two training areas: one for Platoon FX's bootcamp programs and one for MMAuniversity's training.\n\nTheir facilities are INTENSE. The bootcamp area looks like a large playground for adults and contains training equipment that no gym in this city has. I sound like I'm being paid to promote this place, but seriously, I have only seen this kind of equipment in health mags and in MMA\/Boxing fighter montages. The MMA training area is also great, they have a boxing ring for sparring, as well as a mat area craftily built to simulate an MMA cage. They also have banana bags for Muay Thai, and a sweet-ass uppercut and hook bag. The major downside of Platoon FX and prevents me from considering fulltime membership is it's location. Wayyyyyy to far up north for my origins :(\n\nThis review is mostly geared towards my last sessions at MMAuniversity. They had a unique online promotion on dealfinder where for 25 dollars, one can get 25 classes. The normal drop in is $20, so thats a steal of a deal if I ever saw one.\n\nWhen I tried their MMA and striking classes, there was definitely no sparring, but I still found myself learning a few techniques and combinations, as well as getting a great workout. BJJ was awesome, they gave me the option to train with\/without my gi. But it was nice to train at an introductory phase since unlike striking, grappling can make you feel like you've been hit with a train the next morning :S. Overall after a long lay-off, I am more than ready to step it up!\n\nSince the gym was fairly new the pace of these classes were set to a very light beginner level with little to no sparring. I predict that as this gym matures more, there will be more advanced classes. They have a great set of instructors, so far I've trained with Aaron and Tim. Nice guys well-known in the MMA community. They also have trained under Anderson Goncalves' BJJ school (which from what I understand Anderson Goncalves himself will be making periodic tutoring stops)\n\nBut MMA university has a head instructor who is a pro-fighter coming all the way from Australia, Brendan \"War Machine\" O'Reilly. I have yet to try a class taught by him, but people often have nicknames for good reasons, and I'm curious and somewhat scared as to why he's called \"The War Machine\". Oddly enough Jesse@ Legacy Boxing dubbed me as Angelo \"Godzilla\" T, which after seeing a video of myself hitting the pads, I do look like an oversized lizard with short arms that waddles around the mat! \n\nBut I will mess those buildings up!