I came with only one expectation, that I would get top notch service since it's supposed to be savvy. Boy was I wrong! \n- The entrance to valet or even self parking was nearly indistinguishable from an alley.\n- Parking was terrible, the little space indicators are always wrong.\n- Check-in took forever! I had to wait over 20 minutes and the person who checked me in didn't do anything other than hand me my room key (though I have to admit it was cool that all the stations had iPads to show the charges, but it was a bit excessive).\n- The nice view is in the EAST tower, which I didn't get.\n- The room (the terrace studio) had a HUGE window overlooking the shower! Granted there were blinds, but that was controlled from outside the bathroom! Definitely not recommended for groups!\n- The rooms were controlled by the tv (lights and climate). Very high-tech. The phones were difficult to navigate.\n- Service was slow. The concierge had no answers for any of my questions and they took forever to even answer the phone.  They also took 1.5 hours to bring me my hypoallergenic pillow (I requested this before check-in, along with extra towels and a feather-free room, none of which were available).\n- Check-out took another 30 minutes. And don't even get me started on the person at the front desk again. They were argumentative and not big on the explanations.\n\nThe Jaleo is a Spanish tapas restaurant. Service was pretty good. The food came out slow and the portions were really small (yes, I'm aware that tapas are small portions, but these were ridiculously small). It was expensive too! The food was a little strange, too salty. The only thing I liked here was the grapefruit sorbet and flan.\n\nThe Wicked Spoon Buffet was supposed to be one of the best. If that's the cream of the crop, I'd be afraid to ask what the worst of the crop would be like...\n- The line was long for dinner, and it was expensive too. So, we opted to leave. When we came back for brunch the next day, the price was the same as the dinner. Good thing I had a gift card, so I decided to try it anyways.\n- The servers didn't bring refills for our drinks even though we had asked for it, until 20 minutes later. The place was nearly empty since it was still early.\n- The food was mediocre. I don't know what everyone is raving about. The only good thing was the mint chocolate gelato and the \"Korean\" spare ribs. That was definitely not worth $40 a person.\n\nMost of the clientele were jerks. Needless to say, I will not be returning here. Not for a stay, shopping or food.