I ordered an Aqua Pana water and our server presented it to me with ice. The same ice that comes from Lake Mead that I was trying to avoid in the first place. My husband ordered Ginger Ale and our server (who took our drink order) mistakenly poured tap water into his half-filled glass. We told him that was soda and he said okay. I spoke up and asked for a new Ginger Ale. By the way, he never removed the contaminated glass.\n\nNext, I ordered a simple Caesar salad and he complicated that. He asked if I wanted a regular salad with Caesar dressing or a Caesar salad with Ranch? I just wanted a Caesar salad - nothing fancy. I probably should have left at that point, but apparently I'm a glutton for punishment.\n\nThe French onion soup was good, according to my husband. Our chicken fried steak bites were spicy, but tasty. The Philly cheesesteak egg rolls were excellent. Sadly, they don't believe in clearing your plates after each course. I then decided to get our leftover appetizers boxed up in hopes of freeing up space on the table. Granted, I've never been a server, but this is just common sense. \n\nThe steaks were supposed to be well done (meaning no pink according to their menu). I was the first to discover that my steak was red inside.\n\nAt this point, I asked for the manager. I probably should have asked for the check. Instead, I gave them the opportunity to right their wrongs. This resulted in the manager giving us a new server named Maria, who was a doll! My steak appeared to be microwaved and was super rubbery. Naturally, I boxed it up for my doggie. Now, my husband received an undercooked steak too. Maria gave him a new steak altogether and it was juicy, but he received it 15 minutes after my food was served. For the inconvenience of everything, the manager gave us a piece of dry chocolate cake. Needless to say, I WON'T BE BACK UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE!\n\nAnd this is why you spend $100+ per person at an elegant steakhouse and not $22.95 at some rink-a-dink steak place.