The waiter was not attentive at all. We had to ask for refills during our visit over and over. One person would ask for a refill and he wouldn't even bother asking anyone else if they wanted refill before he walks away. We had to wait for him to come around again and basically give him our whole drink order again. \n\nWhen he finally brought a drink back, instead of putting the drink on the table by going around the person, He forces the drink cup between two people budging their arms. Come on, walk around to the other side or say excuse me or something.\n\nThere was no you're welcomes involved. We would say thank you for taking our order or bring our food out and he doesn't even nod nor do anything. You wonder if anything is in his head at the moment.\n\nFood was mediocre. \n\nThen the bill came, for a party of 6, he added a 20 percent gratuity charge; which would have been fine if that was their policy. I looked at the menu again as I was walking out and realized that the waiter was a scumbag. The menu clearly states 15 percent for a party of 8 or more. I bought that to his attention. He said \"oh, let me take care of that.\"\n\nHe came back with 5 dollars and some change and said; here I charged 15 percent this time. \n\nNo no no...big mistake to keep on messing up at this point. I pointed it out AGAIN, that it clearly states a party of 8 OR MORE.\n\nFine, he said. I'll give you the whole thing back; which was the right thing to do in the first place and let us figure out how much he deserves since we literally had to ask for refills for each person otherwise he wouldn't refill the drinks.\n\nHere is the real kicker, he apologizes for this and said, \"I asked the person who paid and she said she was ok with this gratuity charge.\" WHO IN THE WORLD, ASKES THE GUEST IF IT IS OK TO ADD A 20 PERCENT GRATUITY CHARGE AHEAD OF TIME...especially if the gratuity charge is meant for a party of 8 or more. There were 6 of us, and NONE of us remember him asking this kind of nonsense about the gratuity especially since he didn't even say thank you or acknowledge that he understood your request. And even if he did ask we and all 6 of us happen to not hear it, why would we agree that.\n\nThe manager was a joke. He did absolutely nothing; nothing what so ever. He was there when the waiter gave us 5 percent back of the 20 percent and he seemed fine with it. \n\nSomeone is in need of some training; the manager and the waiter. The whole experience was just horrible. I would not ever ever recommend anyone to be served by him John Maz