First off, safety is marginal at best at any public range. Second, a Range right off the Las Vegas strip advertising a \"fun\" time and \"adrenaline rush\" who hand over machine guns to tourist who have no prior, or very little experience is a bit scary. Luckily they focus their range masters' attention to these shooters. However, they are not the only ones needing attention. \n\nAll that aside, this was absolutely the WORST Range I have ever been. I am a 19 year Army veteran with multiple deployments. I have spent my fair share of time on the range and running ranges. I was absolutely appalled at the sheer amount of unsafe actions. \n\nFirst, you cannot control the people next to you....but...the Range Master can. There are 3 separate, 4 stall ranges. Yet, there was only 1 Range master pacing between the three, behind the glass. What are they really going to do behind a door and glass?\"\n\nSecond, there were individuals loading their magazines behind the firing line. Not only loading mags, but inserted loaded mags into their firearms and walking to the line BEHIND FIRERS to their stall. \n\nThird, I watched a lady, who was so nervous she looked like she had Parkinson's disease, shoot the wall 3 times. Range 1, stall 4. She could not hold the pistol straight and was jerking the trigger like it had a 45lb trigger pull. No staff around to see, help, correct, or pull off the range. \n\nLastly, and most importantly. A staff member let off a negligent discharge in the lobby, behind the counter!!!!! What!!??? What world am I living in? At least it was pointed towards the floor and the cinder block wall of the VIP lounge. The staff looked at each other, then asked what happened. One member from the staff walked over from the machine gun counter to see what happened. I could barely hear him, because my ears were ringing, but he said something to the effect of didn't check the chamber. This is THE WORST violation by any professional. The staff all looked at each other and either rolled their eyes, or shook their heads. WHAT!?!? Why as he allowed to continue working...ever. \n\nThis is the last time I will shoot here. If you value your safety go elsewhere. I DO NOT recommend. I do not give any stars. BAD BAD, shame on all the staff.