I'm very impressed with this place just opening up! Husband and I were seated immediately and our waitress, Christina, came over shortly after. She was wonderful, right away she told us all about the place and pointed out some of her favorite options, which I'm always pleased with when it's not just the most expensive. Also, I liked that they have about 6 dishes that can be made vegetarian by request. \n\nWe started with the buffalo cauliflower, her suggestion, which was amazing and I am not a fan on cauliflower. It's served with a blue cheese aioli and Frank's red hot sauce on the side. It was a large portion for the two of us and I would get it again! \n\nAlso, we got the ahi tuna wonton tacos. They were good. Not amazing but good. I don't think I would get them again though since the cauliflower left such a big impression. \n\nFor dinner I got shrimp and grits with a beer-blanc sauce. It was perfect!!!! I would order this again. The shrimp are cut in half so it looks like you are getting more than what you think you are. I didn't mind this because I like cutting the shrimp in smaller pieces so that I get some in every bite. The lady sitting next to me ordered this and she recommended it but said it was a bit to spicy for her. I enjoyed the bit of heat the dish had and didn't feel that it was all the spicy. I enjoyed just smashing and mixing everything together so that I would get a little of everything in every bite. The portion was large enough for me to take some for lunch tomorrow too which I liked. \n\nHusband got fried jidori chicken & green chili  cornbread waffles that had a bacon red eye gravy on the side. He ate it faster than I've ever seen him eat before! He LOVED it, he said the waffle was a nice savory accompaniment to the fried jidori chicken. I was able to sneak a bite the chicken was the most juiciest and moist chicken that I've had in a long time it was VERY delicious. It was the best tasting chicken I've had in a long time it was creamy yet firm, and had the best chicken flavor I've ever had! \n\n\nThe atmosphere was very hip with all types of decorations from a classroom. The ceiling over the bar looked like a gymnasium floor, they have beer pong, jenga, table shuffle board, and darts. The patio is beautiful, reminds you of a nice back yard with cool seating options. Each cabana like table has their own personal fan for the summer and heater for when it's cooler. They have A variety of seating options anywhere from two toppers to larger parties which I liked because it seems like you wouldn't have to wait as long for tables to get pushed together for parties of 6 or more and they had round tables for larger parties which I like.  \n\nThis will definitely be our new go to. I can't wait to try the rest of the menu, everything looked scrumptious.