This was my first visit here for an eye exam and to purchase contacts. Called a few weeks ago and made an appointment and this was the soonest they could get me in so make sure you call in enough time as they are pretty booked up. The office is a great size and very clean. They have a nice waiting area and even a little spot for kids to play. \n\nThe lady at the front was named Hope and she was super nice and got me all checked in with my new patient paperwork I completed ahead of time by going to their website. She also helped me at the end for my contacts and to go over all my billing options. I appreciated that she answered all my questions even about the contacts and eye wear as well as billing. She was very honest in helping me find the cheapest\/best option. \n\nFor the exam itself the doctor Michelle and assistant (forgot her name:\/) were super nice. Dr.Michelle was so personable and asking me how things were going and about my wedding as we were completing the tests. Made things actually fun and enjoyable which is hard to do. You could tell she really loved what she does and was very informative telling me exactly what each test did. They do a very thorough exam too which was nice to insure the prescription is correct. They have a lot of the newest technology so everything was easy and painless. No more stupid air puff in your eye!!!! There was probably 6-7 different tests I did since it was my first time getting contacts but i liked it because they were able to use the variety of tests to insure my prescription was exact. My prior glasses were not the correct prescription as were prescribed by another doctor\/office and that's what brought me here, to get things right!\n\nOverall the experience was as amazing as I would expect all these 5 star reviews. I'm so glad I came to this office and will make this my new eye doctor. I highly recommend especially if you have VSP! They work excellent with getting tons of discounting prices for VSP insurance. I'm super happy with the service and will be able to see in my contacts perfect and clear for my wedding day. Thank you!!!