I am not sure if it is the fact that this Lee's Sandwich is located in Las Vegas, that the owners feel compelled to follow the lead of other well-known and loved California-based eateries (i.e., Pinks Hotdog, Sam Woos) that set up shop here, by jacking up the price and cutting back on what it serves.  At least that is what I think after visiting Lee's post their officially grand opening.  Sandwiches still taste the same, except you just get less of everything that goes in between the fresh baked baguette (meat, pickled radish and carrots and even cilantro and slices of chilie).  Iced coffee still tastes great, except you get more ice than coffee.  Even if you ask for less ice, you will get less ice but also a cup that is not full (imagine an inch of nothing to top of your plastic cup).\n\nAnyway, the place is new and very nice looking.  Staff is still trying to master the sandwich menu, so I am sure eventually they will get faster with fulfilling the orders.  But unless they start to serve what we can get normally at all the other Lee's sandiwch shops up and down California, potential customers are better off patronizing other local banh mi shops.  And there are quite a few of them just a few blocks down Spring Mountain Rd.\n\nI wish I can like this Lee's Sandwich more, but after a few visits I am too disappointed to want to go back.  As it stands, I feel that this Lee's is trying to set the bar extremely low for what customers should expect from this location, perhaps not realizing that a vast majority of the patrons have had the Lee's experience from California prior to visiting this one.  I can only guess that as a new food service operator in Las Vegas, they failed to do any sort of market or demographic analysis and\/or extremely ignorant of the commonsense knowledge that roughly 50% of the visitors that come to LV are visiting from CA (land of the Lee's Sandwiches).\n\nSo we will see how well they fare after the novelty wears out, because without a course correction I see only iceberg ahead for this Titanic of a Lee's Sandwich.\n\n(UPDATE) - From David Y: A worker told him to ask for \"less ice and more coffee\" when ordering their Lee's Iced Coffee, otherwise the future lawyers fulfilling the orders behind the counter will do exactly as the customer requested. How knew ordering a effing cup of the common Vietnamese Iced Coffee is the stepping stone to studying for the LSAT.