This review is long overdue. I have been to Christopher's a handful of times and each time there has been something that has made me question the snotty behavior of our servers. Just because my friends and I are on the younger side of the Christopher's crowd (read: under 50) and frequent the place for happy hour, does not mean we are trash or deserve to be treated as such. The following is a sampling of true stories that I have encountered. \n\nScenario 1: 2 of our party of 4 waited at the kitchen bar for 10 minutes after being seated without being acknowledged. No \"I'll be right with you\" or any greeting at all. The waiter saunters over and asks if they would like something to drink. How are they supposed to know what they want to drink? They had to ask him for a wine menu and for that matter a dinner menu as well. 10 minutes of sitting, wondering who their server is, wondering when they would get a menu.... too much wondering. \n\nScenario 2: The kitchen bar was full during happy hour so they reluctantly obliged to letting us sit at a high top right by the kitchen bar for happy hour since happy hour is only supposed to be at the kitchen bar and the Crush lounge area. We order our first round of wines and the waiter knocks over a glass of red wine all over one of the girls in our group. LUCKILY she was wearing a dark top anyways but the waiter didn't even apologize. I quote, \"Obviously I didn't mean for that to happen\". That was it. He didn't even help clean it up, he had the busser come over to help her pat down. I understand accidents happen, but apologize for it. Just don't be rude about it. If he would have apologized we would all have a better perception of the place but even beyond that incident, he was short and rude with us the entire time we were there. \n\nScenario 3: This scenario is hard to explain via Yelp review, so please forgive me if it seems blunt\/rude\/etc. I will be using terms like Asian and White a lot but none of it is meant to be offensive. My friend and I, and another table of Asians, were the only non-white tables at the restaurant. I'm not one to judge based on race, but it just so happened to be something I noticed. I overheard a white table ask the server how the ahi tuna was. The server then told the man asking 'Oh that Chinese guy over there ate it and finished his plate'. .... Ummmm what is that supposed to mean? I don't understand the significance of an Asian guy eating the tuna and how that is supposed to make it sound good or make it sound desirable for the other patron of the restaurant. He could have just said 'that guy over there' if he was trying to say other people have ordered it and enjoyed it. His ethnicity had nothing to do with it. \n\nSo why do I keep going back you might wonder? Well. Their happy hour is amazing. The food and drink specials mean that we go there expecting rude service, we typically get rude service, but we are able to have a nice dinner, a couple glasses of wine, all for about $20 a person. I will probably go back. I love the wines, the fries, the pizzas, the cheeseburger, and the filet of salmon salad (basically the whole hh menu). Depending on the service the next time I'm there, I plan on telling Christopher myself. He is usually there but I'm not sure how he would react.