Absolutely the worst customer service I have ever received from a service department at a car dealership. So bad, that I had to call Honda Canada's main office to complain.\n\nThe Service Manager, once finding I did not buy my car at this dealership but at Midtown Honda, completely fluffed me off and told me I had to take my vehicle where I bought it.  Really? A Honda dealership that won't look at a problem with a Honda vehicle? Something that isn't even a warranty issue?\n\nWhen I spoke to their corporate office, I was told to return to this dealership and if I encounter the same problem, to call them while there and that they would \"address their concerns with them\" immediately. Really? They expect me to step foot in this dealership again after being made to feel like a piece of crap? \n\nMy issue pertained to the re-setting of my navigation and stereo systems after changing a battery. Apparently a passcode is required after this simple procedure is done. I rifled through my original paperwork, all which I still had, and found no passcode. I went online and found out that there's a simple way to find this information yourself, through pressing a series of buttons on the stereo. I tried and it didn't work. When I got to Maple Honda, one of their service reps came out to my vehicle and tried the same thing. Didn't work for him either. It was the complete lack of professionalism from his manager, once we returned inside, that warranted my calling Honda Canada main office. The Service Manager yelled at me that they did not have access to this information and that I had to return to the dealership where I bought my car for them to fix it. When I went to that dealership, I pulled into the service bay, they popped the hood, and had the code in less than a minute. I explained to them what happened at the other dealership and they first laughed, then apologized for the shitty way Maple Honda treated me.\n\nDreadful customer service from a dealership who represents a reputable company.