4.5 starz for Rudy'z!\nDon't get out much to the southern boonies and thru word of mouth found this BBQ Texas gem.  We had a group that mostly live that way so with a visit to the nearby outlet for a new pair of running shoes, we made a full day out of it. Meat meat and meat also worked out to be an awesome gluten free suggestion for our friends with sensitivities. \n\nThe menu was super easy to navigate cuz we didn't have to! As soon as we entered the order line a staff member came up and asked us if it was our virgin visit and proceeded to explain the options available in their BBQ universe, and also said the counter staff would accommodate some taste testing prior to ordering. What an awesome example of customer service. Meat is purchased as in a meat market where the menu simply states the price in 1\/2lb increments and you can order more or less and pay by whatever the weight machine measures up!\n\nSo we got some tastings of their regular leaner brisket, the pulled pork and prime rib, all were exceptional and we could've gone for any of the three, but I had my mind set in some type of ribs, and the staff suggested the regular pork ribs over the baby back for a more meatier serving. Hubby got the moist brisket as the lean was in fact too lean for his tastes. We passed on the bread which is offered in a half or full loaf, not sure if it's made in house but glancing at the volume, the plastic store packaging gave it away. Our choice was to go Texas big or go home, so we ordered the baked potato with the works that was bathed in super heaves of sour cream and cheese...yes hibernation will soon follow.\n\nEverything was beyond Guy Fieri acceptable and we had a great meal, particularly you can ask for barkier (is that a word) brisket too! So for a good time at a casual joint, excellent BBQ, Rudy's is a change in our dietary routine and the epitome of a cheat night! The outdoor patio was also pet friendly as we brought Luke who scooped up any scraps before there even made it's way to the floor, Woof!