I don't know if the other reviews are planted by the restaurant itself, or if the quality has just gone way downhill, or people have no idea what they are writing about or what the heck, but this place was a huge disappointment. I started to get a bad feeling when I saw the decor, that kind of retro \"parts of ships\" look that seems un-real, like they got it all from \"Discount Nautical Restaurant Makeover Depot.\" The service was lackluster in every way - we had a long-ish wait for everything in a not very crowded restaurant, the servers were not well versed on the menu items, we got the wrong side dishes, water in a plastic cup after I specifically requested a normal glass, worse was that when we flagged them down to explain that things were wrong they didn't seem particularly interested in correcting anything. The food was so incredibly uninteresting. I got the chef's special, which was a very bland, spongy tilapia with overcooked bland vegetables. The quality of the fish was like something from the frozen section of a supermarket, complete with a flavorless sprinkling of what tasted like a \"spice packet\", really miserable. I have no idea what kind of flavor profile they were going for; salty, very boring. We tried the coconut shrimp that are supposedly a signature dish, \"as featured on the Food Network\" which frankly lowered my estimation of the Food Network - do they take kick-backs? Is that product placement? Something's wrong. Anyone can slap some coconut and macadamia nuts on jumbo shrimp and deep fry them, what makes a dish like that great is sourcing high quality shrimp, and whipping up interesting and freshly made sauces, not something that tastes like it came from a white bucket off an Aramark truck. Even the blackened salmon (obviously farmed, and thawed from having been frozen) was bland. So very, very bland. How you can make blackened food bland is beyond me. All the starches were overly salted and pasty too, the wild rice was all split from being over-boiled which is not a nice thing to do to wild rice. The plating was similarly boring. If you're going to do seafood, do fresh seafood, people can defrost things at home. Really fresh great quality seafood doesn't need much tarting up, just handle it carefully, and keep the accompaniments fresh too, and you're set, but that's assuming you care to serve something truly nice. I've never eaten at a casino, or Rainforest Cafe, but I'm guessing the food is like this; pseudo-fancy, impressive to people who don't eat out much, or just eat at chains, or kids. (I have been to Red Lobster, this place is sub-Red Lobster) Nothing seemed to be fresh or from scratch, or interesting, or inspired at all, it was all lifeless by-the-numbers lowest-common-denominator food like something you'd get at an airport. Key Lime Pie when Key Limes are not in season, that kind of thing. On the plus side the prices were not extravagant, and none of us got food poisoning. On the minus side, everything else: rampant mediocrity - with a slightly snooty air about the place too, as if it's anything remotely akin to fine dining. Ha! More like a fine dining themed restaurant - should have a big fiber-glass sailor outside so you know what you're getting into. I'm going to take a wild stab in the dark and guess that there is a certain niche market for people who are both pretentious and cheap, who like to engage in \"we're so fancy\" make-believe, and this place caters to them specifically, I completely believe Jon S.when he writes the manager told him 'if he didn't like it not to bother coming back' - if your taste buds work and your not into 'banker cosplay' you're not their target market, they really don't want you sitting in the dining room pointing out the inadequacies of nearly everything about the joint.\n\nLong story short, the food here is delicious in the same way the people on 'real housewives' reality shows are desirable.