This place has really gone downhill in the last four years. My family and I used to dine here frequently in 2013, however, visits were tainted by inconsistent food quality. Eventually, and admittedly influenced by terrible SNHD ratings, I stopped coming here altogether.\n\nFast forward to December 2016. Prompted by my parents' yearning to dine here, I decided to give Joyful House another chance, hoping that the time gave them the opportunity to improve. This initial return visit was promising! We ordered all our usual favorites, Kung Pao Shrimp, Beef Chow Fun, Salt and Pepper Calamari, Mapo Tofu, Black Bean Chinese Broccoli with Chicken, and a new dish, Combination Hong Kong-Style Crispy Noodles. Everything was great! The food was as I remembered and it was a fine experience.\n\nAbout a month later, my family wanted to eat Chinese food, so we figured we'd go back to JH based on our recent experience. This time, there were six of us, so on top of everything we ordered last time, we also got an additional dish (I honestly can't remember because it was so unmemorable!). First, the food didn't taste the same; it was distinctively worse! Second, the portions were really awkward. The tofu in the Mapo Tofu only covered half of the plate (Note: The same plate was used for this dish during every one of my visits) and there was substantially less shrimp in the Kung Pao Shrimp (again, it didn't even cover the normal plate!). I'm not a stranger to restaurants trying to discreetly cut portions, but this seemed suspicious. So, I decided to inquire...\n\nMe: It seems to be less food... there's nothing here... *pointing to the empty sections of the dishes*\nServer: It's the same.\nMe: But, it's not. We were just here last month. We ordered the same food and there was a lot more of it.\nServer: You must have ordered two of it.\nMe: Uhh, no we ordered just one like always.\n\nThe man denied the portions being smaller and insisted that our previous dish had more food because we ORDERED TWO. Umm, WTF? Nevermind the overall ridiculous nature of this comment, why would you put two servings of a dish on a plate that is meant for one serving of that same dish??\n\nNeedless to say, I AM NEVER GOING BACK. It's obvious people don't think before they speak as conversations like this accomplish nothing. But regardless, the gamble on their food quality is just not worth the trouble. Plus, there are soooo many better options in town, so you'd be better off staying away from JH.