So, hit up Biga's with some fellow Yelpers (thanks, Vivek!) and my oh my oh my tummy aches!  \n\nWhen you hear that the portions here are big, man, you've no idea.  I ate one meatball and half a medium pizza... and I don't think I'm gonna need food for the rest of the week!\n\nSo, is it worth it aside from the enormity of portion size?  Yes.  Yes yes yes!  Bigabaldi's likely won't be a contender for the very best pizza you've ever eaten, but that's ok -- it's damned fine 'za, remarkably tasty, with a nice thin tomato sauce, authentic mozza, and some exceptional crust (that has a generous dusting of flour on the underside to remind you it was juuuuuust made fresh!).\n\nSo, first the meatball:  medium rare, surprisingly, but don't tell the health inspectors -- they fear ground meat that isn't burnt.  Very good.  It's deceptively sized -- maybe 6oz of round burger.  Tasty, and probably a 3.5 if not a 4.  I can't argue with the $4 price, as it's a lot of meat, but they've other things on their menu for just a pinch more that are a whole lot more interesting to me (sangwiches!).\n\nNow, the pizza:  this is where they shone!  I split a Baldi, and snuck a slice of Calabrese.  \n\nThe Baldi boasts goat cheese (perfectly melty-soft and the highlight of the pie for me), sausage (we subbed pepperoni), rappini (yes!), and whole roasted garlic cloves.  Delicious!\n\nThe Calabrese was classic, with soprasetta, onions, hot banana peppers (fresh ones, not pickled!), and black olives (though we omitted the olives due to Kat K's allergy).  This is a favourite pizza style of mine, and they nailed it.  Again, delicious!\n\nBoth pies hover in the 4 to 4.5 range, so big kudos to the good folks at Bigabaldi's for offering some fantastic pizza at an incredibly affordable price.\n\nFinally, I'll note that it's crazy hot outside and was about the same temperature inside Bigabaldi's due to the small space and the dozen or so of us crammed within.  All I can say is \"thank you\" to the two guys and a gal slaving over hot stoves in there without complaint.  Sure it's hot, but we had fantastic pizza to take our minds off it.  Again, thank you!\n\n(Just don't open up another shop close to me... my waistline couldn't handle the number of times my mouth would drag me there!  But rest assured we'll be ordering in soon -- that massive party box is gonna impress and intimidate!  I can't wait!)