I simply can't give this cafe more than two stars. Were it not for it's incredibly cute interior and beautiful pastry case I'd be giving them one star.\n\nI was there in the morning to get some work done while waiting for a doctor's appointment, excited to try a new place. I didn't check it out on Yelp! beforehand though. They don't have free wi-fi, so my mistake for not checking ahead of time. \n\nI told the cashier that it was my first time here and wasn't sure how this all worked - there is a process, believe me. She was more than happy to explain the number and table system. I think it's just confusingbecause it's a little like being a mouse in a maze when you walk in the door - narrow path going in front of the pastry case, then to the cashier, with not room to turn back if there are people behind you. \n\nWhen reviewing the milk options for hot drinks I was pleasantly surprised that they offered soy and almond milk. However, I just about fell over when she pointed out that it was an extra $2 to have almond milk!!! Really now, this is not even remotely close to fair for people who have intolerances.\n\nOnce recovered from my sticker shock, I chose their Signature iced tea and wove my way through the tightly packed tables with my rolling laptop bag in tow (now that, my friends, was funny). The server brought me a glass and a stoppered bottle of water while I waited, but I quickly had to call her back because the water glass smelled musty. Then, the final straw came...\n\nI tried the Signture iced tea and it was incredibly, sickly sweet. Unsure of what to do since the server was very busy running around, I brought my drink up to the barista and asked about getting a cup of tea instead. The owner just happened to walk up, listened to my request and said it wouldn't be a problem. My next question was if I needed to see the cashier. After all, the iced tea was around $5 and the tea was just over $2, so fair is fair. She looked at me and said not to worry. \"Not to worry about what?\", I wondered. Not to worry that ey wouldn't refund the difference? When I brought this to her attention, she looked stunned that I would dare ask for even a partial refund, and walked off. She later found me at my table and told me she would \"go to her car to get the change\". What the !?!?!?\n\nThe one nice thing I have to say is that their patrons are open and friendly. I chatted with the people sitting next to me and they, too, admitted that this place is pretty pricey. My only hope is that the owner would see that people may be willing to try her establishment, but many more will be unwilling to return. So very unfortunate.