If I were 17 years ago again, I wouldn't have noticed the shabby décor. The hole in the wall furniture wouldn't have gotten to me during my meal, and the dull as puck flavours of virtually everything Pho 88 served me would even have passed as acceptable. But I am not 17, I noticed all of those things, and it is unacceptable!\n\nErnesto & I were let off early from our duties in downtown, so naturally we drove to Scarborough Town Centre to pick up David, then we all headed to Bamburgh Circle for some Japanese food.\nWe changed our minds upon arrival, and ended up going into Pho 88 Vietnamese Restaurant. I don't think I mentioned this (enough), but I've been to Vietnam, and no parts of that Country looks like whatever that is going on here.\nThe table wasn't wiped off properly, so I ended up playing waiter and cleaned the table with whatever tissue I can find. \nErnesto was from Halifax, and he has never been anywhere like this place, or wherever this place was trying to pretend to be. \nDavid ordered the large bowl of noodle soup with all the fixings, Ernesto ordered the chicken steak, and...I don't remember what I ordered. It was THAT bad. I have NEVER forgotten what I ordered...I think. But I tasted their food, and I was less than impressed. Even the fried spring rolls was below the average I've had. \nI never seen the fried spring roll in Vietnam btw...this could possibly be the Chinese American restaurant equivalent to the chicken-ball which also doesn't exist--and is considered a waste of food. \n\nFake bamboo space fillers, fake granite wall..things. Televisions? What for?\nI was not offered a single opportunity for eye contact with anyone working here.\nI felt slightly embarrassed, but I thought this was not far off from a proper introduction to Scarborough to a domestic foreigner. \n\n\nCome to think of it, even a 17 years old me wouldn't even like this place, and a 17 years old me was anything from discriminating (that's a  lie). I rode in Civics, dyed my hair\/bangs, drank domestic beer, got drunk in public, wore wife beaters, and considered LUGZ expensive. None of these facts has any relevance to food, I'm just reminiscing..