Who would have thought the smell of junk food, retro carpeting, and loud music could bring you back to when you were 11 years old! I went Thursday, which is 70's night and I had a blast. Something about skating just makes you laugh and feel good like you're flying through the air! I always take advantage of the opportunity to get a good work out in and I used the rink as a way to build up my heart rate, work my glutes, and slim those thighs! It was so much fun, and it breaks up the monotony of the gym. I went with some friends and as we went around and around we shared stories of junior high crushes, hoping to be asked for a \"couples skate\" (which NEVER happened by the way), and reflecting that not much has changed throughout our diaries. Haha...\n\nI rollerblade which makes skating on regular skates difficult for some reason, but it only cost me $4 for a good time. I've gone to boulder a few times, but never Rancho. From my opinion, Rancho had less of a \"riff raff\" crowd than Boulder. I mean---afterall Mayweather hangs out at Boulder! (oooo--just kidding!)\n\nMy friends and I did get into a verbal argument with this slovenly man. We were there at the start of opening and placed our shoes under one of the tables. When it was time to leave we asked this woman (who we didn't realize was his wife) to take our picture. She told us nastily, \"NO! I DON'T TAKE GOOD PICTURES.\" As we drifted from the table to ask savvy youths who we knew were stellar at selfies and other various technology, the couple took our shoes and threw them all over the floor! They were scattered about and we confronted him on his rudeness. Like a dumpy grown man-child he said, \"But we were here first!\" We corrected him and made it very clear that he was being a real good role model for his kids, and that we were there before anyone else arrived. He didn't have anything else smart to say and continued to act like he couldn't hear us verbally bash him with his stupid headphones on.\nOther than that, I enjoyed my skate night at Crystal Palace Rancho.