The crepes served by this establishment might very well be the culinary embodiment of a mind-exploding, toe-curling, orgasm.  I say, \"might be\" because on my recent (and last) trip there I didn't have an opportunity to sample them.  In fact, I didn't eat anything at all.\n\nPlease let me explain.\n\nThe restaurant is located in the basement of a building off of Walnut Street.  Customers are expected to wait in a line that stretches from the entrance, through the main dining area, to a counter where the crepes are ordered and cooked.  It's a horrendous setup for multiple reasons.  \n\nFirst, there aren't many tables.  When I went there on a Saturday morning, there were at least 20 people standing in line for the ten or so small tables.  Second, the restaurant expects you to wait in line, standing next to tables of patrons who are eating their food, until a table becomes free.  At that point, the woman at the counter takes the next order, a man begins preparing the crepes, and the front of the line is seated while everyone else continues to wait.  Those who have waited long enough, are finally able to sit, while hungry and impatient diners-to-be stand next to their table and wait some more.\n\nIt's a horrible atmosphere, and not one conducive to a pleasant dining experience.\n\nThe dining space is poorly designed, so that the line of waiting patrons snakes directly though the middle of the cramped dining area.  Which means that when you are waiting, you are continually bumped by servers shuttling food to the tables and dirty dishes back to the kitchen.  When you are eating, you are likely to: 1) have a bunch of hungry people staring at you eat, waiting for you to leave your table, so that they may be seated; and\/or 2) have a standing person's ass within a few inches of your head.  What a great dining atmosphere!\n\nWhat's all the more annoying is the lackadaisical work ethic of the people who prepare the crepes.  More than once during my wait, the man making the crepes just stood around, not making any food, waiting for another table to open, so a party's order could be taken, and he could then prepare the next order.  \n\nAfter waiting 15-20 minutes while hungry, becoming increasingly annoyed at being bumped at least 2 dozen times by serves traversing the line, and then seeing the owner stop making food until another order was taken, I said to myself, \"enough of this nonsense\".\n\nMy party and I left to go to another restaurant.  I've not eaten any crepe in the world that would justify a long wait under such annoying circumstances, and I will not be back.