This review is for happy hour! Happy hour runs from 3-6 Monday-Friday.\n\nWe decided to drop by around 4 to get some food before watching a movie. You can smell the barbecue when walking in. Since it was 4, the place was pretty dead, but still, it took a while for the employees to notice us and seat us. We were given the choice of sitting at a booth or table; we said we didn't care and the guy sat us where it was clean. \n\nThe service was SO SLOW. I think it was partially because we were sat near the entrance with another couple while the rest of the patrons were in the back. But c'mon, it's 4 and there are only so many patrons. It was slow slow slow. There was really only one guy waiting on all the tables. He checked up on us once, when we asked for ketchup. We never got the ketchup. And my boyfriend actually got up from our table and walked over to the bar area where we had to ask for the check.\n\nHappy hour food is an insanely good deal. We got two rose lemonade sangrias, as recommended by yelp. Those were so so so so bomb. If I didn't have a movie to catch, I would get three more of those. \n\nWe also ordered:\nPulled pork nachos - I would pass on these. Nachos were nothing special. The cheese tasted like the typical nacho cheese. It was topped with some sour cream but honestly there was nothing to break up the texture\/flavor of the dish. Boring.\nPork rinds - it was still crackling when we got it. You can't go wrong with pork rinds.\nPulled pork and grits - this was the best dish. The grits were cheesy and delightful. You also can't mess up pulled pork. Get this one!!\nSmoked wings and fries - it came with four pieces that were tossed in a smokier buffalo sauce. It was tangy, smoky, and a little bit saltier than I'd like. Fries were good (would've been better with some ketchup lol I'm not salty at all)\n\nAll in all, this place is great for its happy hour prices. Even if you order an average dish, it's ok because it's so cheap. I'm knocking off stars because the service was just so sad. And though there were some standouts, the other food was really just ok.\n\n3.5 stars