Thinking of taking that car to their shop?  READ this first.  \n\nUnbelievably dissatisfied customer. \n\n We brought in a Ford Escape Jan. 1, 2015 and today, 3 months later, we had it towed to another garage.  Still unfixed, unable to solve a code, \"Stop safely now\" and shutdown problem.  We gave them $950 (of our hard earned, meager teacher earnings) for nothing!  They will lie through their teeth.\n\n  So, they couldn't fix this code issue (after a crapshoot of telling us it was a throttle body, then it was a computer. (Let it be known after I give them $950 and drove away in the vehicle the light comes on minutes later.  Undoubtedly a safety issue, I was heading toward the freeway.  They gave me back my Ford saying it was fixed; meanwhile, putting my life at risk if that vehicle would have shut down on the freeway.   Last resort, (supposedly even after three Ford engineers tried to help) they then decide to pull the motor apart and place blame on the previous mechanic for buffing down the deck with an abrasive, which caused irreparable damage.  This means that a new engine at nearly $6,000 would now be the only solution.  We go to Ford Camelback.  We tell them to show us the damaged deck and show us (what they claim to be) a level reading of .003 of an inch off (1st test, yes, it did show unevenness, I had them move it and do it again, WITHOUT holding the leveler on both sides, sure enough there was no unevenness).  \n\n The car was towed from the shop to a new shop.  The fresh eyes here say the deck is not damaged.  Well, then what about those engraved marks they were so eager to point out to us on the aluminum deck?  We have a strong inclination they PURPOSELY did that to try and prove their lie.  If it worked and we agreed to a new engine- fabulous, for Ford (if it did actually took care of the the initial code light problem), if not, great again, Ford does not have to try and deal with the challenge any longer.    I have never had such a shady experience.  What a nightmare.  \n\nWords of advice, do not believe everything Pete Murrin or the mechanic, Beau has to say.