Deplorable, is how I describe my experience at the Breakfast Club.\n\nA friend and I dropped in after a hike on Camelback Mountain. We arrived at 2:40pm. We were aware that the restaurant would be closing at 3pm and already knew what we wanted to order. We were waiting at the front for a hostess and were not greeted for 3 minutes.  There was no one at the front. When the phone began ringing I was sure someone would come to the frnt but no one did!  In fact, three waitresses made eye contact with us then ignored us.  Finally, the bartender hollered over that we can sit anywhere we like and to seat ourselves.  We chose a table outside due to having a dog with us.  When our waitress arrived she was contemptuous.  \n\nWe ordered our food immediately after the waitress brought us water.  We also asked for a couple cups of coffee.  Before our food came out, our waitress came back to our table and informed us \"by the way they poured out the last pot of coffee so there is no more coffee\". We were perplexed that she wouldn't just brew another pot if we wanted another cup, which we did. When our food finally arrived half of the food was hot and the other was cold.  My potatoes were hot and appeared to have come right off the stove however my eggs were cold.  How was it possible that my eggs were just made but became cold so quickly? We asked for a manager to explain what I have written above. The manager was very nice and apologetic and offered to remake our plates. \n\nAfter receiving our remade plates, we noticed the waitress's and busser began closing up shop. While we were still eating, our waitress asked if she could take any plates away and if we needed our sugar packets any longer... Our plates weren't even half eaten. I was so appalled that she was trying to take away anything she could from our table that I considered asking her if she \"needed to collect our silverware to put in the dishwasher leaving us to use our hands?\" We paused before we replied that we were not done with the sugar. Soon after the bus boy began turning off the space heaters, including the one at our table. We had to finish our food in the cold. I was quickly beginning to feel like a second class citizen. There were a couple of parties still finishing up their food inside when the waitresses were placing the chairs on top of the tables in preparation for closing. I'm sure particles of dust and dirt were swept into the air and landing on their food. At the very least, I was comforted that we weren't the only ones receiving bad service, as weird as that sounds.  \n\nIn the end, the manager comped our meal and we left most of it on our plate after being freezed out and our waitress chomping at the bit to take our plates away. Her behavior was more clamorous than our dog who was hoping we would drop crumbs that she could gobble. Needless to say, our experience was regrettable. We expected very different from a restaurant in Old Town with a modern open feel and large bar.  I frequently see lines out the door for the restaurant and it looked like a happening place. My advice is if you are going to dine here be sure you will be finished with all your food before 2:40pm otherwise your service will quickly dissolve.  I'm still wandering if they gave me eggs off of someone else's plate which would explain why they were cold. If the Breakfast Club does not want to serve until 3pm as their hours state they should close their kitchen earlier or close the restaurant earlier.  They certainly should not have asked us to have a seat and treat us as if it was an imposition.