Our (Fiancee and Myself) final dinner in Montreal and a perfect way to round off a week of fun filled immigration paperwork, meetings, security checkpoints, and sightseeing. My fiancee and I were feeling in the mood for some Chinese or maybe even dim sum, so I popped on here and found this place located in Chinatown. 20 minutes later we were circling the block trying to find a place to park, which, having it be a Friday night was next to impossible. Add-in the fact that she rolled her ankle the night before, I knew if we ever wanted to eat \"tonight\" I couldn't park at any of the lots down the road, we'd never make it in time. 45 minutes after arriving in the location, and our 6'th trip around, I saw someone begin to pull out and I snaked the spot, only a few hundred feet from the entrance. We made it in, and to the second floor. There must have been some kind of party going on because there were whole sections blocked off and people setting things like tables and speaker systems and the like. After standing at the top of the staircase for a few minutes wondering if the place was closed down for some kind of rented out party. A smartly dressed elderly gentleman grabbed some menus and gestured for us to follow him, alrighty then. We were sat in the back room next to the window overlooking the street we just came in from, nice spot, gave us a view to look at. Something I did notice was the large flat screen TV that was in front of us, wasn't showing a sporting event or anything, it was showing what was going on in the adjacent room. In case I wasn't interested enough in watching the people close to me eat, now I can watch the people far away from me eat as well. \n\nThe menu is quite substantial with many options, but what I immediately took notice to was the lack of \"carts\" pushing around Dim Sum. We must not have been there at the right time, so we decided just to go for the dim sum sampler platter to get a feel for what they served. Neither of us could decide on any one dish so we gave the \"Dinners for Two\" a shot with, I think, platter \"E\" Not a bad deal when you look at how much food they give you. 2 soups, 1 order of Dim Sum, 5 plates of various meats and fortune cookies. It seemed to be the best way to try a variety of what this place had to offer and satisfy our confusion on what to get at the same time. Since we didn't have any particular server we just told the first one who stopped at our table what we wanted and off they went. \n\nWithin a few minutes the Dim Sum platter was sitting in front of us, not bad considering they were a little busy, the cooks must have been on top of things in the back of the house. Everything on the plate was fantastic, my fiancee especially loved the pork siu mai. We weren't even halfway through when the soups came to the table. Hot & Sour and Wonton. I can say with hindsight looking back that the wonton soup was the most disappointing thing we ate. It had no flavor and smelled a little...Earthy.  We elected to just share the H&S. The food began rolling out at a nice pace. Starting with the Lobster shrimp, and ending with the Beef w\/ Broccoli, the middle also had Pork, Chicken, and Duck. All the meat groups were present and all of them tasted fantastic. It took us about 2 hours to take everything in and we enjoyed everything we had. Finally the cheque came with the  2 fortune cookies.\n\nNow I have a rule I made with myself, albeit a silly one, but it's still one that I follow. I will never choose my own cookie. I will either take by process of elimination of what is left on the plate, or allow whomever is with me to give me one. I dunno, just something I do.. \n\nThis particular day as I said before, was filled with immigration paperwork that has taken almost 2 years to complete. Two long arduous painstaking years..  I am in the process of getting my Canadian Fiancee down to the states, and that Friday in Montreal marked the day that she was given the green light to come.  It was quite a joyous day for the both of us, which is why we were treating ourselves to a big dinner.\n\nI tell you that part of the story so the conclusion makes a little more sense.  We cracked open our little sugary sweets in unison and read our fortunes. Normally we play the \"In bed\" game, where you put the words, \"In bed\" at the end of whatever it reads, try it sometime, it always makes them sound better. \"You Will be experimenting with new and exciting things....In bed..\" See??  However in this case, that was not needed. After a brief chuckle from the both of us, we read them to each other. Hers read \"You will soon be traveling abroad\" and Mine... \"Patience Will Triumph\". It's like, they knew we were coming. We definitely had to be there that night.\n\nGive this place a try, everything was great. Would have been a 5 star experience, but the soup tasted like soil, and there was a very loud band warming up for whatever was going to happen later in the evening, made eating and talking to each other difficult