Another family run spot in Cooksville, Tarboosh looks to be a busy family affair that has it's long term customers saying it's great.  With the suggestion from Yelp, I decided to give it a shot to see how it could compare to my food adventures when I was in Dubai.\n\nTo start, I would say the restaurant is housed in a pretty run down building... it clearly is old and the parking lot looks like something out of a 'wrong side of the tracks' feel.  The inside of the restaurant is ok... aged and worn but fairly clean.  The interesting thing about it is the wooden designs all over the place that reminds you of the ceramic mosaics I saw in Middle East.  It also has a large painted mural of what would be a stereotypical desert scene with men riding camels.  \n\nYou can call it in for take out or dine in with a vegetarian buffet on offer or do menu dishes.  EVEN if you don't call it in, the take out speed is quite good!  I did this and I have to give credit where credit is due.  They made my falafel fresh and hot in less than 10 minutes from order.  THAT is good!  \n\nSo their menu reads quite typical for a Middle East restaurant... shawarma, kebabs, meze with pita, and falafel.  I've been dying for a good falafel... it's been far far too long since I've had them in Dubai.  I feel Toronto is missing the falafel spices to make an excellent one.  Ordering here is pretty easy and the service is friendly enough to take it and run with it.\n\nFalafel - I would say these are quite different from the ones I'm used to.  For starters, I loved how these were just fried fresh and given to me hot within 10 minutes.  That made me happy.  The texture these are quite different... they're fluffy with their outer shell delicately soft & crispy.  I'm used to outer shells that have a great crunch that gives way to a moist soft inside but still has a mild chew.  It's quite a different take.  I would say the taste though... it's missing spices.  I tasted some coriander but it was missing salt, cumin, garlic... onion.  Something.  It was a bit bland.  3\/5\n\nChicken Shawarma - The best item we tried.  These were still moist and the flavour was good... lemony without being too tart, well seasoned, and had a bit of nice char to give it a more smokey flavour.  I would say that these would be good in a pita or just on rice.  I did find these nicely tender.  Definitely their stronger item on the menu.  4\/5\n\nHummus - I found this similar to the falafel... just missing flavour.  Though it was smooth, it didnt have a strong taste.  If anything, it had a tiny subtle taste of tahini and thats it.  It needed more garlic and salt... maybe a bit of cumin to liven it up.  Something.  Though it probably is a good filler... it was a bland filler. 3\/5\n\nTabouleh salad - This was a decent rendition of the traditional parsley salad.  They did chop the parsley finely enough so it didnt feel like you were chewing on branches and it had enough citrus to bright it up.  The tomato were out of season but it added to the juiciness of it.  It could have used a bit more mint or onions but it's not a bad salad.  3.5\/5\n\nOverall, I like the speed of them making items fresh and I found the place to be genuinely warm.  I just didnt find the flavours as bold as I know they can be from Middle East so I'll keep on searching for that spot to make me fondly remember of Dubai.