We went as apart of a time-share gimmick. Our 1bedroom was Dirty (make up and food stains all over), Dusty...seriously...dusty?!?!, the walls were all marked up like Motley Crue had been partying there before we checked in. Ok, at least the linen on the beds and shower were clean. Thanks. The walls of this place were paper thin and we could hear the neighbors on both sides partying it up all night long. Hey it's Vegas right? Who doesn't want to hear loud screaming neighbors all night long? I don't, that's who. Glad this wasn't a business trip as we didn't get much sleep from the neighbors, even after we called several times to the manager downstairs. \"The Hilton takes these complaints very seriously\" said the manager...well...apparently they don't really give a flying you know what and never tried to offer to accommodate us.\n\nAlso, this gimmicky place charges $10 a day for internet service!!! Who charges for internet service anymore? There are entire cities in the USA and abroad that offer free internet service. If you need internet service, then DON'T STAY HERE! Pool is small and crowds up fast, but I guess that's to be expected. Don't try and relax there. As a matter of fact, this isn't the nice peaceful hotel you'd go to relax. For that, do like the commericals say and go stay at a Holiday Inn\/Motel 6\/Mariot\/Best Western\/or even a Cheapy Tijauana Hotel where you get all the good stuff you'd come to expect from a freakin Hilton, FOR FREE.\n\nThe best part was that the staff that tried selling us on the time-share stuff was so high and mighty on their \"exclusive Hilton\" service they never even asked if we had been having a good stay with them. Both of us looked cracked out and tired, but not from partying all night long, it was from not sleeping due to the obnoxious neighbors. They just assumed that our room and service was Top Notch. Which of course it wasn't. This place didn't even offer a cheap free intercontinental breakfast like you could get at a mom n pop place in the middle of nowhere america. Nothing. Big Let Down Hilton. Big Let Down, just like Paris's home video. OUCH! (yes, I didn't need to add that last part, but come on, you expect big things when you hear the name Hilton...what a complete and utter let down all the way around.).