I have to say some positive things about this gym prior to getting into the problems I had with it. The facility was immaculate! Extremely clean and the equipment was very new! They have big open spaces to work with the trainers and\/or do workouts you wouldn't be able to do at standard gyms like LA Fitness. Definitely has some great potential!\n\nHere is my problem and why I can only give it a 1-star rating. I just posted a pic of to their Yelp profile of an email I received about a free training session and a free class session. I called them the moment I got it trying to see when I could take advantage of the offer. Immediately, the woman on the phone called it a consultation with a trainer. I said the Emil says it's a free session. Well, she again called it a consultation. It was a Saturday so I couldn't get in for the \"consult\" for the weekend. She told me someone would call me to set up a time to have the consult. No call. I went and worked out there Sunday. Eric, one of the trainers just happened to talk to me about the hours the gym would be closing. Backstory on that since it is a 24\/7\/365 gym. If you sign up for the free one week pass you can only workout during staffed hours. Cool, no problem with that. Sunday staff leaves at noon. Eric was cool. He said someone would be calling me. At some point over that weekend or maybe that Monday one of the ladies called me and said one of the trainers would be in touch with me by the next day. Cool. Now, that's three times  I've been told I would get a call. Never happened!\n\nOn Tuesday, I went in early morning for my pre-going-to-work workout and one of the female trainers made it a point to loudly say \"did you sign the clipboard when you came in? You have to make sure you sign it when you are on the free week pass.\" I told her I signed it already. This made me feel some kind of way about her yelling that across the gym in front of other members. \n\nToday, was my last day for my seven day free pass. No one ever called me and I never got my training \"session\" or class \"session\" as the email clearly states I would. I will be taking my self back to LA Fitness with no interest in joining Elite.