I had a strong pizza craving and I didn't feel like driving too far.  My buddy Kate M. had written a review about Lucky's Pizza awhile back and I noticed they were close (still not sure if they are owned by the same folks or not) by so I decided to give them a try.  I called up and placed my order for a Large Cheese Pizza.  They don't ask for your name or phone number, instead they give you a number and tell you how long it will be.  I was told I was #7 and that it would be 15 minutes.  I drove on down, walked inside, paid the lady my money and took my pizza to go.  Friendly folks working there.  Now onto the pizza..............\n\nLarge Cheese Pizza ($12.95)-  This thing was nice and big.  The first thing I noticed was that it had a ton of cheese on it.  It also had a little \"sheen\" to it.  That can be bad sometimes if the pizza is too greasy.  This was not the case here.  No drips of grease anywhere to be found.  I picked up my first slice and noticed that it was just a tad droopy.  I bit in though and was pleasantly Surprise(d) Arizona.....bwahahaha... The taste was great.  Good cheese, good sauce, decent crust.  Next time I come back, I will ask them to cook it well done.  If the cheese had a little brown on it and the crust had just a tad bit of a \"crisp\", this pizza would have been fantastic!  It was good as is, but could be taken to another level with an extra few minutes in the oven.  This pizza is one of those types that does get better the more you eat though.  First slice I liked, second slice I ate faster, third slice I started to pick up little subtleties that convinced me it was a pretty darn good pizza.  Is it comparable to my favorite, Grimaldis?  Nope.   Is it way better than any chain type place?  Yep!  Will I come back because its a good value, its a local business, it tasted pretty good and its close to my house?  Definitely!  They have multiple specials going on at all times plus they have sandwiches, wings and appetizers.  They make a Sicilian type pizza too that I definitely want to try out.  They have a decent sized eat in area too.  I'm sure Ill be back in due time.