Tis with a heavy heart and perturbed mind that I am forced to write this disparaging yelp review. Over the coarse of the past year I have witnessed this once beautiful bastion of cardiovascular endurance and muscular sculpture digress into an overcrowded pit of sorrow and despair felt not only by myself, but clearly the poor innocents that also bought into the idea that a 20 dollar per month gym membership might be worth it. When trying to rethink my strategy and approach when dealing with my troubles, I arrived at the conclusion that potentially going during off hours might be the cure for my dismay. Words cannot describe the affliction laid upon my heart when after arriving I discovered what appeared to be a band of vagrants that stopped in to hang-out, play on their phones, and talk while blocking as many machines as they physically could. My spirit was bent but not broken. As I attempted to go to the free weights I could not help but notice what appears to be an entire Minnesota twins minor league baseball team using the entire space to run through their training regiment. It was at this point I had the tragic realization that my once beloved and pure gym had slowly but surely morphed into something far more sinister. It's almost as if the management didn't necessarily care about the noble members' experience and was just trying to jam-pack more people into their club like a can of sweaty fitness loving sardines in an attempt to make more money. Upon my first report of this dire situation I had my post struck down after I suspect the corporate team of Youfit complained to Yelp and had my constructive criticism removed. Fortunately, this is America, and we as red blooded, patriotic, freedom-loving folk have the power to complain about things over the internet in an attempt to help our fellow countrymen make an informed purchasing decision. Say no, America! Say no to this unpatriotic attempt at corporate censorship! Say no to being packed into an overcrowded sweat lodge while being forced to use curl bars like fitness loving cattle! Say no to Youfit!