Wow where do I start! First I guess I should preface this review with the fact  that I'm not familiar with this chain at all and noticed it while we were driving by one day. The sign is very catchy! Kudos to the company for great curb appeal and selling us immediately. When I looked it up I said Wow! It looked like a glorified chuck e cheese, I was instantly sold on the idea and was looking forward to our visit. \n\nWell today was the day for that visit, Its a Sunday, the day before MLK, I admit probably not the best day to visit but we were determined to have fun and see this place. We had no idea what we were in store for! We just spent 3 long, stressful, hot and sweaty hours there. Let's just say I am not looking forward to our next visit. I will EVENTUALLY patronize this place again but under no circumstance will I EVER GO BACK ON A WEEKEND. EVER. This place was so packed our party of 4 were all a ball of stress from the moment we walked into the doors up until the second we left. I've never left somewhere so eagerly and with such a sigh of relief. \n\n-Buffet-\n\nThe buffet area is one big hot mess! It is situated in the middle of the hallway that connects the front entrance to the gaming area. This hallway not only includes everyone trying to get food but also everyone walking from the front area to the back. There are no lines or any sense of order to the buffet, people just cut in front of you with no regard to anyone but themselves. I am not sure if it's the location but the type of people here were very interesting. Rude and lacking basic manners! Parents who had no control of there children. Children and even some adults just pushing there way by you to grab whatever food they want. Groups who leave there strollers in the middle of the muggy dining areas so you literally have to push strollers out of the way to get to your table. The food gets turned over so fast and there are so many people grabbing food all at the same time that you stand around waiting for it to be replenished. The buffet areas were not as clean as one may want but how could the workers get them any cleaner when there are literally a hundred people shoving there way around and making a mess of things. Buffet area is CHAOTIC! It needs to be double the size and have some order to it. It's one big free for all with a bunch of rude people who lack manners. \n\n-Games-\n\nThe gaming area is great. Huge, lots of games I've never seen before but again it is just so crowded I wondered if this was a joke and we were in Disneyland. I've actually had a more enjoyable time in the heat of the summer at Disneyland on a holiday weekend than I had at this place. Also why is it so damn hot? My whole group including my child were so clammy and uncomfortable. Again, children running wild everywhere. I can't even guess as to how many little kids were unsupervised. While my daughter was playing games we would have random kids come up and stand next to her and just want to take over the game she was playing. Again, parents missing. This happened too many times to count. \n\nThe plastic cards that stores your credits for the games\/rides were not very easy to use. You literally have to scan it 2-5 times on each game before it recognizes. Do you know how frustrating that is? To have to slide your card that many times to get it to recognize, was at my wits end. \n\nHad a unique experience at the bumper cars waiting in line, again a group of young unsupervised kids who just cut in front of us in line. One of their mothers who eventually came up to the front only to yell at the ride operator about how her child was tall enough to ride. \"That the operator didn't measure him right, she was a nurse and she knows how to measure someone\" wtf! Mind you, I am giving you the non graphic, non ghetto version of what was said. \n\nAfter all of this we had enough, grabbed our 450 credit pez dispenser from the prize area and beelined for the front exit. On our way out the breeze coming into the front doors was so refreshing that we were happy to be walking into the cold night air! \n\nI have some questions for the operators of this place! \n\nWhy are there 4 large dining areas that can accommodate an ungodly amount of families but there is only one buffet area?\n\nWhy is it so hot and stuffy in the dining areas and gaming areas? \n\nI want to love your place but I find it hard to get pass all of these things and I hope that it was just a bad night and not the way your place always is.