Honestly, this is a repeat of bringing the great \"Target\" to Canada.  Canadians and Americans need to sit down and compromise on stuff like this.  You can't just bring ideas from America to Canada in a half-arsed manner.  You either bring it all or not.  For example, this outlet is the perfect example.  You either bring the outlet in with REAL deals and REAL American prices, or you just don't bring an outlet at all.  \n\nThe deals are honestly no where near the states.  The shopping here is purely out of convenience.  I do admit that you will definitely find stuff here if you go in with the intention of needing something (i.e.: new boots).  I did manage to steal some deals at Naturalizer.  I'm told that Reebok is exactly the same as in out normal stores but I just went in there to get a pair of crossfit shoes entirely out of convenience.  I also managed to get some deals a J-crew but honestly, you can get the same deals at Vaughan Mills or any other J-crew for that matter.  Kate Spade was by far the best with REAL American deals and REAL American prices...plus taxes to contribute to Rob Ford's \"crack & conspiracy fund\".  Body Shop was also really awesome but I am not sure if the Body Shop out there is the same.  But once you buy 5 or more items, you WHOLE bill is 50% off right now.  Pretty darn good steal.    \n\nThey also have an Icebreaker store, a New Zealand company, that specializes in high quality sportswear.  While the deals weren't awesome in that store, it was there and a perfect opportunity to stock up on more ski stuff.  And it was definitely cheaper than Sporting Life (which also carries Icebreaker stuff).  \n\nIn terms of food, you have no variety at all.  The Second Cup is taking forever to open and hopefully, by Christmas, it will open.  You have an Italian place (Sbarro), Mediterranean place (Villa Madina), Chinese place (something Wok...), Japanese place (Umi Sushi), and Subway as well as a Gateway convenience store.  Not much variety at all.  \n\nWhat I'd *like* to see in the future is WAY more stores and more *practical* stores like perhaps an outlet for these stores...\n- Aritzia\n- Lululemon (because everywhere else in the STATES, there's one of these CANADIAN company outlet stores...) \n- Holt Renfrew \n- Sporting Life\n\nYeahh....they should really work on expanding and maybe putting on REAL deals.  And expanding real fast because by the looks of it, this outlet is not receiving well.