Recently seen his show and I've had a chance to watch him as a 10 year old kid as well. I guess you can say the nostalgia factor in watching David was more than worth it as it was a very fond memory of my father taking me to see him in Atlantic City some 14 years odd ago. Oh and he was one of the guys that \"disappeared\" at the end. Also got a autographed picture of him too.. time goes by way too fast. \n\nSome of the tricks performed were classic D.C and things I did see as a kid too... the \"numbers\" trick, the duck, rose and finale are all the marquee numbers. And just like 14 years ago.. I still have no clue how he did them. You know you are a great magician when you ask your friends how certain things were done and in the end.. everyone is still completely baffled. I enjoyed his newer material and thought that his use of social media into his magic is pretty neat for the 2010-and up-crowd. \n\nDavid's does come off as douch-ish but to be fair he uses it well with his persona and it creates great comedic moments with guests, especially with the foreign folks. He knows he's great.. even legendary so even subtle things like his timing, facial expressions would only work with someone of his stature. I had a great time laughing at his douch-ey jokes.\n\nI guess much of the criticism lies in his \"fuel\" to still put on a great show night and night out all year long in the same venue. I would naturally say that it's no different than our normal daily lives when we go to work every day and sometimes put in energy that is less than what we are definitely capable of. Then again, we aren't all entertainers and master magicians like David Copperfield so perhaps our work output can be forgiven if it doesn't include mystifying hundreds of guests a night. I did notice he sometimes rushes through his dialogue which does tell sign that he may be going through the motions. Energy wise is moving a lot less than his former self but age and a million shows can sure do that to anyone. \n\nOnly real annoyance is the servers blocking the views of the audience while taking and handing out orders and the sound system was pretty weak. Several times a night D.C.'s mic would have a faint feedback. They need to seriously invest in getting surround sound because all of the audio came from the front and was not as loud to where I was sitting. \n\nTo wrap up this review I thought David is still a phenomenal performer with many more years to go. Even if some of his tricks are the same ones he's performed for decades they still have a lot of that magic that will spark an after meal discussion. I'd recommend him over any of the magicians on the strip.