After hearing multiple raves from reliable sources about The Cowfish Sushi l Burger Bar, it was tops on the list to review. Having been twice, and both times with small kids, I've been impressed with different aspects of the SouthPark eatery. But seriously, the best part? Both visits have included Ric Flair spottings. WOO! NATURE BOY!\n\nWhen I first heard of Cowfish, I was expecting more of a Sushi Samba vibe, but I was happily surprised by friendly rather than pretentious servers, water served on tables in glass milk bottles, and a tongue-in-cheek mood provided by the piped in Japanese-to-English translations of American colloquialisms in the restrooms, and the more obvious comic bookish canvases of fast food icons discussing burgers hanging beside Warholesque representations of sushi. There's a sense of humor here, and it is served up with a side of contemporary, innovative fun.\n\nThe place is bigger than it looks at first glance, and the menu is a tad overwhelming. On the first visit, I errantly chose the The Tuscan Turkey Burger. It was average, though the server mentioned it would be a little drier than a regular burger, which should have tipped me off to choose another option. On the second visit, I chose The Cowfish Bento Box with a slider and veggie sushi, and I realized why so many friends swear by Cowfish. There was more than enough food, and loads of different flavors that easily satisfied. Sushi is as well-presented as it is delicious, and the kid's meals include a happy face on the rice detail.\n\nDuring the first visit, the service was exceptional. During the second visit, the service was good, especially considering it was Father's Day lunch, when they were busier than usual. Outdoor seating feels oddly cozy, especially since it overlooks highly trafficked Sharon Road, and umbrellas and fans make warm weather pleasant.\n\nSo, will I return to The Cowfish Sushi and Burger Bar? Does The Nature Boy say \"WOO\"? I'll be taking my coupons I get by signing up on their website, and making a reservation, though. They are always busy, and the wait times, especially during prime dinner hours, are daunting.