I was tattooed at Voodoo Monkey by one of the co-owners, Dave, in 2006.  \n\nDave was very polite and professional.  He was also very quiet.  I remember joking uncomfortably with him, saying something like \"Aren't you suppose to interview me about my life like they do on Miami Ink?\"\nI'm such a dork sometimes.\nWhen he first laid the stencil on my arm, I said I thought it was a little too small but Dave didn't mind making it a little larger to my liking.\n\nDave did a beautiful job on my tattoo.  I pretty much let him do whatever he wanted with the coloring and fortunately for me he did a kick ass job.  The colors are very bright and vivid.  Everyone always comments on how pretty it is.  I have had the tattoo for 5 years and the color is still amazing.  I don't think it has faded much, if at all.\nI think the tattoo cost $150, but I don't really remember.\nI will try to upload a picture to my page or this page so ya'll can check it out.\n\nOver all it was a great experience.  Dave even met me and my friends out for drinks afterward at the Garage.  I remember  he was very concerned that I was happy with the tattoo and kept examining his work.  That was cool.\n\nWord of warning:  When you get a tattoo, you should probably eat before hand.  I know you will probably be very excited with the anticipation of it all, but really, you should eat.  Also, maybe it is not such a good idea to pound a bunch of beers on an empty stomach immediately after you get said tattoo.  You MIGHT end up kissing some guy you don't know, fall asleep on the toilet in a dirty restroom at a hipster bar, throw up at the feet of the guy you kissed as he hands you a rose he bought from the street vendor and pass out in your car in the parking lot behind said hipster bar on west 25th while your dickhead friends continue to drink and never once check on your safety.  You also might have to get a ride home from the strange man that you kissed because you are too drunk to drive, but you almost die on the way home because he was just as drunk as you were but you didn't know it at the time.  Also, you might wake up in your friends kids' bed and realize that you left your keys in the strange guy you kissed car.  Luckily your friends somehow got his phone number and you were able to track him down and get his address so you could go pick the keys up.  But then when you ask your dickhead friends to drive you to get your keys and pick up your car that is still parked behind the bar, your dickhead friends refuse because they are too hungover.  Then you have to suck it up and CALL YOUR MOM to come to your dickhead friends house with her spare keys for the car and drive you to the bar.  Then you go and pick up your keys from that strange guy you kissed last night, that gave you a rose as you puked at his feet and then almost killed you on the way home.  The meeting is brief and awkward but thankfully he does not ask you out.\n\nJust sayin'.   It's not like that actually happened to me or anything.