I hate writing bad reviews, but after trying unsuccessfully to get some of my money back from America Express, this review is my only recourse. \nI have always gone to pricey places to get my hair colored. For years I did double process blonde(roots and highlights) with no issues. In November I decided to try being a brunette. I went a nice salon in LA and had no issues. It came out great. When I went back to my local hairdresser to touch it up, she went way too dark and made me almost black. So, stupidly I did one of those home hair painting kits for balayage, made especially for dark hair. Luckily I only did about 8-10 strands around my head because they came out orange and broken. \n\nI had seen Jenny's work on Instagram and contacted her. She was very nice via text. I came in to see her about two weeks later and she immediately said my hair was too damaged to do much to, she could only tone out the orange, do a Brazilian Keratin Treatment and told me to come back in a month and perhaps we could highlight.\nI waited a month and went back. \n\nThe miscommunication happened right at the start. She immediately said my hair was STILL too damaged to put bleach on. I was really disappointed because I didn't think my hair was that damaged- I'd been babying it for four weeks, and I had only messed up those few pierces- and I really wanted to at least start the process of going lighter. I know dark brown to blonde can't be done in 1-2 sessions. I asked her if we could at least put a few lighter pieces on the bottom. She said woefully, \"we can try\". The next thing I know she is doing a full balayage on my entire head. I didn't question it because 1. I did want to be lighter and 2. She is the professional. I figured she must have thought it would turn out ok or she would have flat out refused.\n\nWhen she rinsed my hair(hours later) she looked a bit freaked out,  said it was too orange and needed a toner. As she started to blow dry my hair is when I almost cried. The top was dark, the middle was orange and ends were green\/gray. After already reprimanding me a few hours earlier for not telling her she needed to book out more time for me(again, miscommunication but no need to make your client feel like crap) she could see my disappointment and horror and she said \"See! I told you I didn't want to highlight you! What do you want me to do? I have a client waiting\". It was a VERY uncomfortable situation but I had an event that weekend and could not  leave like that. She agreed to put another toner in(after I suggested it). She never ONCE asked any other stylist in the shop for help. I left with a color disaster on my head, but at least the bottom wasn't green! I paid $363 and I don't even know why. I was just so frazzled and upset and wanting to cry(which has never happened in over 25 years of going to salons) I just handed over my card, signed and left. Jenny even commented on why I tipped her. Good question. I guess it's because I am in the beauty business as well(makeup artist for nearly 20 years) and she did spend 6+ hours with me. Looking back it was obviously a DUMB decision on my part. In reality I shouldn't have paid at all! A stylist with integrity would not have let me pay knowing I would be a walking advertisement and we were both unhappy!\n\nI gave since gone to THREE separate consultations, all with color specialist with the years of experience(Jenny is very young, early 20's maybe) and they all said my hair wasn't that damaged and she just used the wrong products and panicked due to lack of experience with color correction. The stylist I chose to fix this mess has a great plan for me and asked why Jenny didn't just use Pravana color remover in the first place! It supposedly doesn't damage the hair at all. \n\nJenny does a great job if you are young with virgin hair or hair that only she has touched. She clearly doesn't know much about aging hair(it has a different texture than younger hair) or color correction, and her attitude is what upset me the most. You never make a client feel like shit, ever. If she does have any professional integrity she(or the salon) will contact me and make this right. Even a refund of the gratuity I paid would be a start! The two stars is only because the Brazilian Blowout was fine.\n\nUpdate: My hair is now the perfect blonde thanks to a talented stylist at another salon(message me if you want her name!)Jenny had said I should \"never put bleach on my hair again\" well, it turns out she was wrong, and I am so happy to have found someone who really knows color, and more importantly, how to treat clients.