Where do I start ?..\nEver since I heard about this uniquely themed café, I was very excited to visit, I wanted to take tons of pictures of the mural that covers half the coffee shop.\nWe got there right when they opened, so we were the first ones in there.\nWalking in I was a little taken away by the art, and super excited to try one of there signature coffees. I was extra excited to get my hands on one of the huge macaroons $6 each.  I got the decaf salted caramel Frappuccino, my mom had gotten the decaf salted caramel iced, and my uncle got the java chip Frappuccino. \nWe decided to sit in the back with the super comfy couches, I loved the idea of the games you could choose , along with tons of books, and magazines to suit your fancy. I admired the iridescent lights that highlighted the neat mural, it also added affect to your mood, made you feel relaxed.Got up many times to take pictures , and the workers were totally okay with it, they were very friendly.\nSo now onto the coffee, I was loving the decoration of the coffee, nice tall 24 Oz glass, and cool gold and silver sugar balls on top( plus very generous whipped cream) But that was pretty much it coffee wise, I wasn't super duper impressed, it was ok, I thought I would be wowed by the taste of the salted caramel... but I wasn't, neither was my mom. It didn't taste distinctly like SALTED CARAMEL, but it was good strong coffee, mine seemed to get a little better flavor wise towards the end.. But I was just a little disappointed no caramel drizzled on the top, no salt topped anywhere on the drink. Although, my uncle did love his java chip.Frappuccino, he couldn't get enough.. Needless to say they know how to make good coffee drinks, but what happened to mine ?\n\n It took me a while to connect to their free Wi-Fi and that's kind of where it all went down-hill... So my mom and uncle had been connected to the Wi-Fi for a while, but it then there was no longer a connection for us , there were only about five other men in the coffee shop having a business meeting.. I tried connecting to the Wi-Fi on my phone and laptop and it wouldn't work at all. So we asked if there was anything wrong with their Wi-Fi? The worker told us that it \"sometimes slows down, and kicks you off if there is a lot of people on the internet.\" She also said it was probably because of those 5 people who are having a business meeting.\" This was the biggest disappointment, because you go to a coffee shop to relax and take in the atmosphere while embracing the free Wi-Fi ! Plus we were the first people in there, and we got booted off the Wi-Fi... that's not right. \nAlso, walking in there was a nice selection of alternative music, but then switched to more mainstream pop which is okay.. but then it was cut entirely.. I don't know if that was because of the Wi-Fi situation. But that was pretty much it for us. We were pretty discouraged at that point and left.\n We were planning on getting another coffee, possibly getting a little sandwich and hanging out a lot longer. But now that there was no Wi-Fi for us, and the music was turned off, the only thing we could hear was the loud business men.\nI gave this place three stars because of the limited Wi-Fi plus the music situation, and the disappointing coffee experience.\nDon't get me wrong, I love the atmosphere and I could've spent all day here, but the Wi-Fi situation was a downer, and the coffee could have been a better experience. I would definitely love to come here again and give them the place my business, but only if there Wi-Fi situation is fixed.PLEASE GET IT FIXED