I am a fan of the Chinese restaurant lunch special. In my opinion, the Chinese restaurant lunch special is one of the best deals around. Why? Because for the same price or even less than a fast food chain, the Chinese lunch special usually includes a delicious entre with soup, fried rice, and sometimes an egg roll. Additionally, the Chinese restaurant lunch special is a chance to become acquainted with a Chinese Restaurant. If the food is delicious at a reasonable price for the lunch special, then the restaurant could be a great place for dinner or a date. Recently, the lunch special reacquainted me with the Lotus, when I took advantage of their lunch special twice recently. \n\n     The Lotus sits in the heart of historic Henderson in the Water Street District. It is diagonally across from the Eldorado Casino and City Hall. There is a small parking lot adjacent to the venerable building that houses the Lotus. On my visits, I parked in the Eldorado parking lot, cut through the casino and walked the short distance along Water Street to the Lotus. \n\n    The Lotus lunch special differentiates from several lunch specials on account of the fact that it ends at 3 PM in lieu of 4 PM. Additionally, the Lotus is one of the few Chinese restaurants that I am aware of where the lunch special includes wonton soup. \n\n   The inside of the Lotus is grander than it appears from Water Street. There are two dining rooms. Both times I  recently visited, there were relatively few people dining inside. Both times the host turned waitress invited me to sit in the dining room to the right. The ambiance is more casual and relaxing than a take out with a few seats. \n\n   On the two visits, I ordered a different lunch special combination for $5.95. On my first visit, I ordered the beef chow mein soft noodle style. It came with fried rice, an egg roll, crunchy noodles with duck sauce, and wonton soup. The beef chow mein was far better than what China Go Go and some other restaurants use as filler with the entrée. It was far better than a handful of fast food restaurants. On my second visit, I ordered the pepper steak that included the exact sides. The pepper steak was delicious at the same time that it had a unique taste that my taste buds would consider brisket. The wonton soup that came with the meal, complimented the meal. I wish more Chinese restaurants would offer wonton soup instead of the standard soup of the day that is usually egg drop or hot and sour soup. On visit one I complimented the beef chow mein with a Coke and on visit two I complimented the pepper steak with hot tea. With the beverage, tax, and tip; the lunch special totalled out at less than $10.\n\n   The waitress was friendly. I felt more like a guest in a person's living room with a sundry of tables than a diner in a restaurant. My favorite Chinese restaurants are the cozy places where I mentally feel that I am in a living room. Throughout the lunch special, she'd see to it that everything was good. Both times, she'd conclude my visits by saying she hopes I return soon. With a reasonable price for lunch specials that gives you a lot for the same or less price of a fast food chain in addition to good service in a cozy environment it us a possibility that I will return to the Lotus soon.