Masaharu Morimoto is known in the culinary vernacular as the third original Iron Chef Japan. Though he was trained in the art of sushi and kaiseki cuisine in Japan he was influenced by Western cooking styles. As a result he became known for his fusion cuisine with restaurants spread all across the US, Mexico and India. I was not familiar with this chef before my sister happened to dine in his restaurant the month it opened. She had a good experience with her boyfriend there. As I was discussing with the No1DP about potential Vegas restaurant dinners, he told me that he was an Iron Chef aficionado, having eaten at a few restaurants owned by former Iron Chefs.\nFor his birthday and part of our belated anniversary we did something unexpected... eat at a Japanese restaurant in America. As he lives in Japan we almost never go out to eat Japanese because most of the restaurants here are not to snuff...\n\nVENUE: Located inside the MGM Grand casino. The standouts of the restaurant include an ornate sushi bar showcasing the daily fresh fish and the three teppanyaki stations. Apparently the menu's different if you were seated at the sushi bar or one the teppanyaki stations. No1DP flat out refused both options as he thinks that for those type of cuisines it's done much better in the native country (I wouldn't blame him). He specifically wanted to try out the fusion dishes that make his cuisine stand out.\n\nSERVICE: We had a good hostess. She was able to find us an alternate location when the No1DP didn't like our initial tables that were located close to the prep area. \n\nI remember having three drinks here. \n- Devil's Advocate cocktail (Patron Roca reposado tequilla, yuzu, pomegranate, habanero). A sultry starter. The tartness of the drink due to the yuzu and pomegranate is amped up by the habanero spice.\n- Kim Crawford Sauvingon Blanc. An all-around white that goes well with most things, per the No1DP. \n- An aged Japanese whisky for the dessert drink. The No1DP said to drink it *slowly* because that particular drink can easily intoxicate someone if they're not careful and drink it all at once. It's supposed to be sipped in intervals. It added a sweet bitterness to my salted caramel dessert.\n\nCold Appetizer: Morimoto Sashimi (seared toro, salmon, eel, tuna, hamachi, five sauces, $28). Not the same as the toro tatare dish so widely known. Here the fish is neatly sandwiched together. Using the five sauces stored in transfer pipettes we could mix and match the sauces to our liking. Though I liked this sashimi there was nothing unique about putting five fishes I liked as individual sushi together. \nHot Appetizer: Rock Shrimp Tempura (spicy kochujan sauce, wasabi aioli, $20). Very addictive. We had to be careful as eating all of this made us halfway full. The kochujan sauce is the same sauce added quite liberally in Korean dishes to add spice. Aioli is a Mediterranean garlic-and-oil but only here you'd see wasabi as an addition and strangely enough, it *works*. I wouldn't mind adding a touch of wasabi to aioli next time to get another kick in a dish.\nNo1DP's entree: Seared Snapper (Thai curry, mussels, banana, sea beans, $37). Inspired by yellow curry due to the bananas. The curry is not as aromatic as an authentic Thai restaurant version but in this case the star ingredient is supposed to be the fish. No1DP enjoyed his curry over rice.\nMy entree: Braised black cod (ginger-soy reduction, $35). I am reminded of the Roy's dish \"misoyaki butterfish\" because those dishes are essentially the same right down to the fish used. Ginger-soy reduction helped create a unique \"teriyaki\" sauce for the fish. I wish that I had half-versions of the seared snapper and the black cod because the two dishes were executed well and I would have the best of both worlds. \nSide: Duck Confit Fried Rice ($12). For those who like American-style Chinese fried rice you will be disappointed because this fried rice resembles how fried rice is cooked in Asian countries. There is no liberal use of MSG here as the flavor is drawn from the duck confit. Good portion of duck confit to rice. Of course the added fried egg topper is a must and combines well with the rice. \n\nFor the desserts we were warned by our waitress that our desserts would be quite similar to each other and we should stick to one dish. Turns out she was right. The portions were quite big and we were getting full from our meal. \nNo1DP's dessert: Black Forest (dark chocolate mousse, cherry sauce, kirsch ice cream). Has a good amount of mousse and cherry sauce. \nMy dessert: Fiery Salty Caramel Chocolate Tart (dark chocolate sorbet, marshmallow, salty caramel ganache, spiced rum). The best part about this dessert was the show as they light the rum on fire. The ball was full of marshmallows so I wasn't as fond of it but I did like the chocolate logs made from ganache.\n\nNo1DP and I enjoyed our experience and would love to go back here to explore more of the menu.