Realizing that I live so close to a water park I decided to finally check it out and gathered a small group of friends to go. Fortunately we had been planning on going around the time a Deal Chicken coupon popped up for the park for $20 admission and free soda all day. Sounds great!\n\nNow I'm not surprised that this place was crowded because let's face it we are in the middle of the desert and we need all the help we can get to stay cool and have fun outside in the heat. We presented our coupons, paid, got tickets and wristbands and preceded in. The one thing we had been worried about getting is a locker but it they have a far amount of them in three different sizes and the locking mechanic is kinda neat. One person in your party gets a wristband with a sensor on it. Then you just go to one of the rows that have lockers matching the colors on your wristband, slap it on a sensor there, and voila a locker pops open for you! No having to worry about losing a key or what have you!\n\nRight as you walk in there is a line for lockers but there's also an area to rent either a single or double rider tube. And I will say this: RENT A TUBE! It felt like we spent more time waiting for tubes then we did waiting in line for rides. Mostly this was because some of the attendants didn't care when someone came down in a park tube and just grabbed it and ran back up instead of handing it off to the next person in line. (Some did though and for those I thank you! I understand wanting to ride over and over again but there are only so many park tubes per ride and having to wait 15-20 minutes to get one before you can go get in line for the actual ride was a bummer.)\n\nAlso we made the mistake of going to the Raging River\/Mammoth Falls first and what a disaster that was! We waited almost an hour in line and the wait is mostly because this is a ride where big tubes are provided so you don't have to drag any up yourself. But there seemed to be only four of them and they slowly get cranked up to the top. And once you get up top you realize that there is only one person up there sending people down both rides. \n\nI would highly suggest skipping this as the five second ride back down was not worth the long wait. Instead rent a tube and have fun on going on the tube rides, especially since with your own tube you won't have to wait to get one. \n\nOh and bring flip flops or water shoes! You would think that with the light concrete it wouldn't be that bad but it was still brutal on bare feet! My poor boyfriend had to go buy some water shoes because he came in Converse without thinking about it and there's more open spots baking in the sun then shade to walk through. \n\nThe free soda all day was a nice perk that made the ticket price worth it as we stopped for drinks a couple of times. Sharky's Eats & Drinks by the wave pool did run out of overpriced hot dogs and hamburgers by the time we were hungry around 1PM but the fries we got were good and you get a massive basket of them. There are other treats scattered around the park such as Dippin' Dots, kettle corn, snow cones, etc but they're all pricey as you can imagine. You can always pack food and keep it in a cooler in the car since you can get stamped on the way out to come back into the park if you want to save a few bucks.\n\nI'm not sure when I'll go again but I wouldn't turn down another day if friends invited me to go.