Wow, there's a new kid on the block, but not all that is new means good, I almost am in shock at my experience when compared to other reviews and opinions I've read so far.\n\nMaybe it's just Sunday's. The Sunday morning service was laughable at best, laugh because I didn't want to cry. I wasn't certain how they handle call aheads, or reservations, it was also a weekend brunch, so I attempted to call ahead to at least ask what the wait looked like. Two calls later and no answer, we were already there and parking, but upon entering the compound that is Ocotillo, I found the lady at the maitre d stand, with a phone just below her left elbow. (Seriously?)\n\nI inquired as to the wait as I put the name in with her and was told just a few minutes, tables were being cleaned now. I guess \"being cleaned\" meant 30 minutes, I must have forgotten my English to English translator, silly me. I was unpleasantly surprised to find 6 or 7 open tables as I was getting seated, and the wait had stacked what appeared to be 4 more parties behind me. At this point my best guess was that there weren't enough staff for a weekend morning to handle guests demands. \n\nI ordered the roast beef and potatoes hash, which came with a sunnyside egg, and after requesting the egg medium, the egg was way undercooked; about 3 minutes under. I tried the roast beef, which was chunks of tough beef, overly chewy and super fatty and the potatoes were large cubes about 1.5inch by 1.5inch, this was not a hash. I had about two bites before deciding to give it back to the server. \n\nAs I returned the hash, the server replied with a friendly, can I get you something else in stead, which was kind of her, trying to appease my dislike with a different dish, was helpful on her part but I was short on time and wasn't interested in something else at that point.\n\nThe rest of my party all independently came to the conclusion that their meals weren't so amazing as to spend the $$ they're charging here, and the wait was over the top. One of the people in the party tried to order the breakfast chimichanga, which they were out of. Their second choice; scrambled farm eggs, was quite underwhelming. Our party also ordered the bread pudding bowl, which was neither bread pudding, nor was it in a bowl. It was tasty though, and had they called it loaf of gooey cinnamon bread on top of roasted apples with cream, it would have been spot on.\n\nBeing as objective as possible after such a poor experience, the server was friendly and tried to resolve my complaint by allowing me to order a different meal and the bread pudding bowl tasted good, but caveat emptor to the person who orders it expecting bread pudding.\n\nI can't say that I'll be back soon, but they do have a to go coffee bar, so if you drink coffee maybe you can grab and go from there on your way to work.\n\nHappy yelping!