Two, very honest statements:\n(1) This place is not worth your time\n(2) This place is not worth the calorie consumption\n\n1 star = only because you can't give an establishment zero.\n\nThis place is dark, gloomy, and depressing.  The waitresses wear lingerie tops, I guess to try and make the atmosphere seem like a lounge, where young adults can come and hang out or have some drinks.  Which is fine.  So don't come here for sushi, or for good food service because you will sit 30-45 minutes at a time waiting for your appetizers, and even longer for your main sushi dishes.  The restaurant was pretty much full when we came and they had only 2 chefs.  They need to hire more resources and allocate them accordingly to meet their hunger demands.  It's ridiculous.\n\nHere is what we ordered:\nGarlic Edamame: too much vinegar; tasted like edamame adobo\nFried Oysters: these were actually good, but sauce was ok, it was just Tonkatsu sauce\nVoloshin Motion Potion: was good, if you must come here, order this roll\nTuna Poki: salty; too much sauce, but a good serving.\nFunny name roll: good substitute for raw fish since sashimi isn't available for AYCE menu.  \nKrispy Kristi: too big for crispy rice, they should make the serving smaller and the spicy tuna over powers the roll\nMussels: dry; nothing special\nFried tempura ice cream: worst i've ever had, it was cold and ice cream melted when we got it, and it has more shell than ice cream. boo!\nGarlic Tuna: very good..oK that's why I give this place one star.  Best garlic tuna I've ever had.\n\nOver all, the food was not too bad and doesn't really bring about any huge complaints, but it isn't anything to rave about it either.  It was more the slow service that puts a damper on the whole dining experience.  They have super small menus that you can barely read in the dark, and they don't even give you dishes until you ask for them.  How are you supposed to eat AYCE sushi with no dishes?  Crazy.  There are way too many sushi places in Vegas to even bother coming here.