Wicked Spoon is the newest buffet on the Strip, located in the Cosmopolitan. The interior design matches the rest of the casino -- modern, chic, and sophisticated. The food has that same style. This definitely ain't your grandma's buffet.\n\nUnlike many buffets in town the food isn't presented in huge troughs that you dig into to serve yourself. Here everything comes pre-plated for individual servings. Although they do have several carving stations scattered about. The food that is pre-plated is served on small square plates, or small pots and pans that make it all look more upscale than your typical buffet.\n\nNot only does the food look good, much of it tastes good. Here are some of the hits and misses.\n\nHITS\n- Steak w\/ chimichurri sauce: tender strips of meat cooked to about medium or medium rare. Delicious\n- Huevos rancheros: a single, lightly fried tortilla folded in half and filled with ground beef (I think?) with a fried egg on top. Tasty.\n- French toast: stuffed with cinnamon apples and walnuts. mmmm.\n- Short rib pasta: small chunks of boneless beef short rib with pasta and mushrooms. One of the best dishes of the day (along with the steak).\n- Kalbi beef: savory, sweet and delicious\n- Mashed potatoes: creamy, rich and buttery\n- Fried shrimp balls: not the best, but not bad\n- Mussels: like the shrimp balls, not bad, but not great. \n- Desserts: there were plenty of desserts but I only grabbed a few to taste. Among the standouts were a pecan tart, key lime tart, chocolate covered strawberries, and gelato. The tiramisu wasn't bad. They all looked spectacular and many were topped off with what looked like gold leaf, which was a nice touch.\n\nMISSES\n- Risotto: one bite was enough for me. Funky taste and too mushy\n- Sushi: I've never had good sushi at a buffet. I don't know why I ever bother. There was a California roll and a spicy tuna roll that were average at best.\n- Desserts: not all desserts were good. I tried some sort of chocolate tart which was dry and bland and there was some sort of parfait-looking thing with chocolate, raspberries, and some sort of crunchy stuff that tasted off.\n\nThere were plenty of other dishes that looked good but i just didn't have room to eat any more. The individual chicken pot pies looked good, as did the shrimp, stuffed pork loin, mini sandwiches, and what looked like chili.\n\nThe biggest negative about the place was that there weren't any signs indicating what the food was. So, I had to ask the employees. All the employees were incredibly friendly -- from the cashiers to the waiters and buss boys to the kitchen staff. Everyone was eager to answer questions and were genuinely excited about the new hotel. Our waiter was probably a little too friendly, as he spent most of his time talking to people and very little time getting our drinks.\n\nI'm not sure how much the lunch prices or dinner prices are because we got there at 10:55 am and they charged us the breakfast price ($16 ea.). But, I'm sure it saved us a few dollars.\n\nWhile I still think the Bellagio and M Resort buffets are slightly better, Wicked Spoon isn't far behind. I do think it's better than other buffets I've been to (the Wynn, Red Rock, Palms, and Rio).