Valentines Day night my husband and I had just finished a swanky dinner up the way and wanted to finish our night with a nightcap. As per usual, we scoured our Yelp bookmarks and decided to check our Honor Amongst Thieves, as neither of us had yet to have gone to this new place in the corridor in which we frequent. Based on reviews and the 'hot and new' on Yelp, I had seriously high hopes of grandeur when we entered up the stairs and back to this bar, (No. This is not the definition of a \"Speakeasy\", which usually requires a passcode to enter and a secret way in.. is up the stairs in the back of a building truly a secret? No.). Weirdly on Valentines Day night, a night thats all about dates and romantical stuff and things.. or even for singles awareness night! Honor Amongst Thieves was pretty empty. Weird, we thought. Not that we were complaining, but we always find it odd when a hyped, highly anticipated place is empty on a 'popular night'. We sat at the bar and looked over the ample cocktail menu. I was impressed with the cocktails and the whiskey and bourbon menu is ample, if you are a whiskey or bourbon type. I am not, but it still impressed me. I decided since my night had included four wine pairings with our meal, that it was probably just safe to stick with boring wine, so I asked if there was a sparkling wine or champagne that I was missing. The bartender who initially seemed friendly to us, said she had one and it, 'was lovely'. Well, I took one sip and it was not lovely. I hated it. I am not even sure what the white split bottle she poured me, as she never let me see the label. I found that odd, immediately. My husband ordered an IPA, because again, we aren't as young as we once were and mixing alcohol when work calls the next day may not be in the best favor of our heads! We just wanted to try something and someplace new and cool. The decor here is nice, classic and the booths are many, but I can see how this place could fill up and get crowded on a weekend. The bartender noticed I didn't like the champagne she gave me, so she offered a suggestion of a My Saint Melanie, and I asked her if it was sweet. To which she responded, 'I'll make it anyway you want it..'. Okay. I decided it was worth a try, without even looking at the menu. I just trusted her. That isn't her fault. Again.. I didn't care for it. But it was better than the crappy stuff with bubbles that I could barely swallow a sip of. This My Saint Melanie was super sweet to me. I looked at the menu and should have known that the ingredients of Pineapple infused Gin; Chartreuse; Fresh Lemon and Champagne would probably equal a whole lotta sweet. My sweet may not be everyones sweet. I declared this one my fault. My husband finished his beer and we decided to call it a night. The bartender didn't seem to care one bit that neither drink was okay. Whereas, I sipped the My Saint Melanie because I actually felt bad for not liking anything here and didn't want her to completely hate me, (I don't know why I care about these things at the time, but I do), she didn't care that one sip was taken of the crappy bubbly and within 3 minutes I was requesting something else. There was never a mention of , 'I'm sorry..' or , 'Hey, how about I take that off the bill and we start over?' Nothing. She just didn't seem to care. She gave us the bill and while grabbing that full glass of bubbly, guess what... She managed to spill  half of it all over the bar where my new Kate Spade little bag was sitting.. boom. I am done. Did she mean to do that to me? I sure hope not, but she did look strait into my eyes when it happened. The entire bottom of the bag was soaked.. and luckily it was leather so it didn't  soak through. Again, not even an apology. She simply wiped it up and away she went. Okay. The jokes on me, I guess. She seemed to be engrossed in some humorous conversation with the other bartender and that seemed more important than her customer service. We tipped her decently despite it all and not a goodbye or a thank you as we left. That said, I don't think I will be a return-er to the 'hot and new' Honor Amongst Thieves. I can handle a lot of things when it comes to new places working out 'new place' kinks, but the one thing I have no patience for, especially when the drinks are pricey, as you will find they are here,  is terrible customer service. That is what we received on Valentines Day night here. There are SO many new, and not so new, trendy, cool vibe and even some real 'speakeasy' bars in the Phoenix\/Scottsdale area.. this one just doesn't jibe with me. I don't mind paying a premium for a good drink or wine but I also want someone to be nice and have manners when taking the money for said premium priced drinks. So Honor Amongst Thieves, that said, you won't be honoring or thieving my money , or getting into my champagne doused designer purse again.. thanks for sending me home though with the smell of cheap bubbly! Cheers to that..