So... we finally did it.  We committed to buying a puppy.  Let me first tell you about the where and the why...\n\nI have been looking on line for months for a dog but just hadn't found the right one.  I stumbled upon Impeccable Paws on the web and called to see just what they were about.  They are a full service dog boutique, pet spa, doggy day care and boarding facility they also provide in home dog care and pick up and delivery.  They sell teacup size puppies and are specialists in the teacup brand.  I was looking for a teacup so I decided to check this place out.  \n\nThey have the cutest dog bling around and everything you can imagine you might need for your fur baby, at very reasonable prices.    What I was most impressed with was the owners Dan and his wife and their true passion and love for all things canine.  They have a sign that hangs in their shop that reads:  \"Enter as a stranger and leave as a Friend\"... this could not be more fitting.  As a woman just then walked in and Dan knew her by name along with her doggie Elvis.\n\nNow, as I said, I have been looking for a dog for months.  What I found at Impeccable Paws was more than just another pet shop puppy.  You can find hundreds of those on the Internet relatively inexpensive.  This teacup Yorkie was different.  It was if I was buying one of the owners own children.  Dan raises these doggies in his home with his family and 7 doggie children.  She is a very well behaved and social puppy.  Dan is really fantastic with dogs and has some of the most well trained dogs around.  When we picked up our Lil bundle of joy Dan spent about 45 mins with us \"brain dumping\" all he knew about raising a teacup.  I guess we had the deer in the headlights look about us because he assured us... this is just the beginning not nearly the end and if we had any questions we could call him on his cell at any hour or day.  Purchasing a puppy from Impeccable Paws comes with a 2 year health guarantee as well as their puppy package which includes all you will need to raise your baby.  \n\nI can't say enough good things about Impeccable Paws.  I love shopping at locally owned establishments and this place is definitely the place to go to get your doggie accoutrement's and services.  \n\nOver the top commitment and service... that's where I'm spending my money!