Zara is what I call LEGIT! I dig the clean, sleek, and modern look a lot and sometimes it's hard to find a good store that sells suits mainstream without needing a custom tailor. But, it wasn't that hard to find a GREAT store like Zara because it's located in the Fashion Show Mall and EVERYONE in Las Vegas has been to the Fashion Show Mall! And if you haven't been to this specific mall, you will miss out on great deals here.\n\nNote: I do not care too much, or hardly at all, for what the associates do on their down time. They can talk about their weekend as long as I can be in and out with what I want without issues :)\n\nI can spend a few hours here looking at all their clothes and trying them on. I window shop then buy so I'll try on a suit or two. There have been times where my sizes wouldn't be in stock and that's the biggest bummer about this place. I recommend asking them to hold onto it until you decide to purchase whatever you're looking for.  There are great sales in the SW corner of the store. Racks and racks of stuff. They're probably last season's things but hey! A deal is a deal! (Hint: staying fashionably behind at least one season will save you money on your wardrobe. You're welcome!)\n\nI found their suits to be the most affordable without cutting corners on quality and style. The suits are on full display and are sized with European sizes but also have the U.S. measurements as well. However, their shirts and ties lean slightly to the higher side of the dollar and don't find them to be on sale very often, but the quality stays consistent down to the tie! I've seen sales on shoes, but I'm not too hype about them. They're kind of cheap looking to me, but to each his own right? There is also a downstairs to their store for all the women and if the Zara Man has great deals and prices, I'm sure the women's quality doesn't stray far at all :)\n\nIt's safe to say that I am a definite fan of Zara and enjoy their styles and deals! I will definitely continue to keep coming here for my formal and casual wardrobe shopping!