It's been about a year and a half that I spent an entire day with one of the most prolific Yelpers (Jennifer K).  Our 2nd last stop of a crawl day which started with a late lunch was a new place in the renowned Distillery District of Toronto called the Spirit of York Distillery.  Now while you have Mill Street Brewery on the east side of the district that is beer.  What does the Spirit of York bring to the Distillery District?  They just made the place live up to its name literally.  \n\nWas this footprint Lileo at one point?  I go so rarely to the double D that I can hardly remember.  I remember Lileo being absolutely huge inside but it was around the main Mill Street entrance... regardless this footprint is absolutely mind boggling.  It's not just a backroom where booze is produced, sorry.  To call this business a booze making place is like calling the Met an art place.  It would be kind of an egregious understatement.  I couldn't help but be completely impressed with the layout and design of this establishment.  Entering the front door felt like I was entering a lab, a first class lounge, a bar, a museum and an apothecary all at once.  This place is so different and what I wouldn't expect in going to visit a distillery.  \n\nThe bar is multiple sided in shape, octagon or decagon, I was too distracted to count the sides.  We sat at the bar and Jennifer had asked for the flight sample.  The sample included tastings of 3 spirits of vodka, gin and akvavit for only 10 dollars.  The server was kind enough to take the time to explain what it is they do there which is produce and what each spirit was like and how it may be different than what we were used to.  This place sort of blew me away so if anything I say is inaccurate it's because I was not prepared to absorb so much sensory overload at once.  The ingredients as much as possible are local and the processing is right there in front of you within visual sight.\n\nThe vodka base (if I recall correctly... because I've had a few before showing up here) was rye based.  I felt it was very clean and this is coming from somebody that doesn't drink vodka very often unless they are mixed like in Caesars.  This is however the kind of spirit you do not mix because it's too special to do that in my opinion.\n\nThe gin tasted so different from what I was expecting because if you're like me and used to Beefeater or Tanqueray, this ain't that.  It was very complex and as explained to us a milder use of juniper but it was all over the place in flavor.  So tasty and so different... and myself not being an experienced judge of such things I found it to be amazingly refreshing as it was just on so many levels a change and a contrast from the vodka.\n\nThe akvavit which is a Scandinavian spirit primarily made from caraway seed was a completely new experience.  While I can say I've had vodka and gin before I can't say I've ever tried akavit until now.  I found it rather spicy at the finish and again a whole new experience but a pretty strong contrast to the other two before.\n\nAll 3 are clear like water but each with their own personalities.  While the Spirit of York is a relatively new establishment I can see how this place effectively legitimizes the Distillery District both by name and by representation.  These \"craft\" spirits produced here are special and while I didn't purchase a bottle this time around (I was afraid to ask) I was guestimating at 60 to later discover they're about 50.  These would make absolute special unique gifts for my friends and family who would truly appreciate such a thing and I have a few of those.\n\nNow, since I was given the privilege of being able to write the very first Yelp review for The Spirit of York granted to me by the most prolific Yelper I know personally, I had to take it.  I mean sure she could have easily written the review in her sleep and be first but she \"let\" me do that so I'm sort of honored to be able to do so.