Yeah, I'm that guy. The guy that rates a place three stars when everyone else and their brother seems to be raving about it. What can I say? It's not that three stars is bad, seriously, three stars is pretty good. Like it says, people, A-OK. That's exactly how I felt about RBC. It does what it's supposed to do and it goes about as far as it can with it.\n\nHere's what you can expect. It's a brewery with a tasting room that brings in food trucks (sometimes). It's a very standard business model and it seems to be the go-to for nearly every start up brewery. Speaking of food trucks, unfortunately this is where they fell short during our visit. Since we don't go out just to get drunk, we arrived at the brewery expecting a food truck to be there (because it was on the brewery's FB page) and nothing. Nada. No grub. Well, that sucked. For this reason, we finished our flights and left. I get it. Things happen, food trucks vanish. It's a tale as old as time. We're just not into going out to just sit there and drink. I'm not like I'm in my 20s anymore, geez.\n\nSo let's hit the real reason you would come here, the beer. Not that I needed to tell you that. They are a brewery, after all. The beer is good. They do offer a nice selection of about a dozen standard beer styles along with a few guest taps, so for most people there's plenty to choose from. For the average beer drinker I'd even go as far as to say very good. No envelope pushing, but solid, familiar styles brewed well. But if you're a hardened, cynical, been-there-done-that beer geek like me, you'll probably be left unchallenged. Unfortunately, I didn't find any of their selections all that memorable. It's nothing that would have me seeking them out over and above any other brewery, but it was tasty. \n\nThe atmosphere is, well, it's exactly what you'd expect. There's a bar and there are some tables. They do have nice big doors that swing open to let some of the outside in during nice days, so that's good. Tables shaped like the state of Ohio. Nice touch. A few picnic tables and some cornhole things outside, too. Oh, and there were some games inside - a bowling game and one of those basketball shooter games, if memory serves - to help pass the time I guess. They had a popcorn machine, too, but nothing to put the popcorn in, so there's that.\n\nI saw that others had mentioned that they have live entertainment, but we didn't experience anything of the sort during our visit. I'm glad, actually, given how small the place is I can only imagine how incredibly loud it would get with a live band inside. No thanks.\n\nThere you have it. RBC is a good place for locals to grab a pint of locally brewed beer. Should you drive 30 minutes to visit it? Maybe if you're just looking to cross them off of your Ohio brewery list. Other than that, probably not. I doubt we'll return. Not because they don't have some good beer, but mainly because of the food situation.