So, somehow planning a Vegas vow renewal ceremony for 30 of our closest friends and family became a massive affair of nearly 60 people. (Sure, mother-in-law, of course you can invite 10 family friends and obscure cousins I've never even met. Go right ahead.)  When that happens, little things fall by the wayside. You know, like hair and makeup. ARGH. With less than a week before the big day, I contacted a few hair and makeup artists and received negative responses about their availability. Totally my fault, but when they referred me to other businesses who were charging DOUBLE their own rates, I began to despair. \n\nA quick Google search led me to Stevee Danielle, and her reviews on there are brilliant and the prices on her website were reasonable for the area. I called immediately and was booked in for just a few days down the line. Wow, great! Then I went on good ol' trusty Yelp, and saw that her rating was utter crap. Oh no. Now they have my credit card info and I'll be charged if I cancel. Guess I'll just hope for the best! \n\nStevee's salon called the day before to confirm, and said that Stevee herself would be coming out. The day of the event, she arrived exactly on time for our 9:30 appointment, and she dealt with the random still-drunk and various passed out people in the house with true professionalism. She was friendly, funny, and obviously on top of her game. I have no clue at all about hair and makeup (I am the anti-female, apparently), and she got an immediate read on my personality and style. I mentioned that out of 5 girls in the house, not one of us had brought a hair dryer to Vegas. Oops. She didn't have one either, but we weren't phased. We started on makeup first.\n\nHot damn. My makeup was FLAWLESS. She knew exactly how to make my borderline-albino (yes, I'm a redhead) features look like a million (sexy) bucks, and I was seriously impressed. My eyes popped and sparkled, my eyebrows were defined and not overdone, and my lips were natural and appealing. The airbrushed parts of the makeup were flawless, and that stuff lasted literally all day (from 9:30am until I took everything off at 2am).\n\nWhen Stevee finished my makeup, my hair still wasn't totally dry. It's medium-length, but it was humid in Vegas that morning. I thought fast, and remembered that there was one of those vents that blows hot, dry air in one of the house's bathrooms. Stevee jumped at the idea, and we ended up both standing on a toilet under the vent while she tousled my hair into a state of dry pre-style readiness. It was hilarious, awesome, and effective. So yes, my stylist stood on a toilet with me. Like a boss.\n\nDry hair achieved, she set about styling my 'do into a state of casual elegance that received compliments from family, friends, and strangers alike. All I said was that I didn't want an updo, and that I like it when some of the hair is up and some is down. Stevee created 2 small, loose braids that were pinned back and allowed some delicate tendrils to frame my face. The rest of my hair was down and curled in a beachy, free-form style. In a word: perfect.\n\nIf you've made it this far, do yourself a favor and read Yelp's filtered reviews. I have no idea why it's hiding so many of Stevee's 5 star ratings, because the experience I had with her was way better than the rating that is reflected on here right now. She was professional, punctual, and all-around awesome. Hell, long after I was out of the dress and in jeans and a tank top playing video poker, random dudes were telling me I was stunning\/gorgeous\/beautiful. I promise that doesn't happen on a regular basis, and I owe it all to Stevee and her skills.