3 1\/2 stars \nOk, I confess. As a hard core Yelp foodie I can honestly say other than sushi or tempura I just don't know all that much about Japanese food. What I do know though is that one of the best all time Yelp writers Janelle P. had sent me a note letting me know that her and her honey T.J. were on their way to the Hog Town and was I interested in meeting up with them and a couple of other Yelpers for a bite to eat. Oh my gawd, I'm not worthy! I devour Janelle's reviews like they were Kobe beef so I was over the moon to say the very least at the prospect of breaking bread with such a respected Yelper. \n\nThe invite was to the Okonomi House who's specialty benchmark dish is Okonomiyaki. So ya got me here. I'm thinking Okonomiyaki is a Japanese art form involving folded napkins. What the hell, for a chance to gobble niblets with Janelle and a couple of A-One primo Yelp wordsmithers, Susan & Deanna, I'd have been ready to twist up my legs like a couple of Origami pretzels. \n\nThe simplest way I can describe Okonomiyaki is to say that it is a Japanese pancake\/omelet about the size of a miniature frisbee, cooked until it is crispy and dark and then slathered with a brown savoury sauce that is a combo of some sort of Japanese mayo and what I thought was a cross between Hoisin meets Worcester sauce. It's odd but it works. Then we sprinkled added toppings such as paper thin slivers of dried fish that began curling up and dancing on top of the pancake as soon as they adorned the hot surface of them. You choose the fillings which can be anything from bacon, shrimp, squid, pork....you get the idea. Okonomiyaki is delicious, however, with that being said, ultimately what I'd prefer is for them to be a bit crispier. They are deceiving because at first when I dug into them I was expecting the crunch factor because they are dark and on a cast iron plate but in fact they were soft, much like an omelet.  Hands down my fav was most definitely the bacon option.  \n\nThis small little restaurant is tucked in behind the madness that is almost Yonge & Bloor meets the Manulife centre. If you go in the evening just look for the orange glow. The biggest upside of this little spot is the price point. Okonomi is just downright reasonable and our wallets remained safely intact and not much lighter than when we arrived. Okonomiyaki for five...cost $50 bucks.....Dinner with Janelle P. and my fellow FARC's Susan & Deanna....priceless.