The One-star is for the pricing...$52 for 90 mins.  Gee! I wonder why? \n\nThis is NOT the first time I've had a \"Reflexology\" massage in this type of setting, so I'm not expecting a five-star experience. This, however, isn't my first rodeo, so I know how it's SUPPOSED to be...\n\nI understand the location will more than likely appear rather seedy; probably not in complete adherence with OSHA regulations, and for the most part, poorly communicate in the most fragmented sign-language-esque English you can imagine. Apart from the above mentioned inadequacies, in my former experiences, I still managed to emerge relaxed and refreshed from my discount massage. This time, however, I experienced disappointment, mild embarrassment and extremely sore shin bones. Sore shin bones you might ask???? Yes! Sore shin bones!!! It was evident these people have very little anatomy background to distinguish muscle from bony prominences. Really?!!!\n\n1) Embarrassment:  I've never had ANYONE ask me to remove my top (it's all supposed to be pressure points like a Thai massage), but I obliged--figured it would enhance my massage. As if that wasn't strange enough, the masseuse exposed my lower back but pulled my gym pants down so low that I felt SHE needed to pay ME for what she was doing!!! \n2) Noise: Good grief was it noisy! If it wasn't her chatter disrupting my attempt to relax, the shop next door had their bass turned up so loud it vibrated the wall...and that was 15 minutes into the massage. 75 minutes to go! \n3) Pain: Muscles need rubbing--NOT bones! Holy hell! Shin muscles are on the lateral side of the legs, not medial...woman!!! She rubbed the shin bones so hard, I think I can be a Muy Thai boxer--she managed to destroy EVERY nerve on my legs. In addition to my already denervated lower extremities, she proceeded to create minor tears on both shoulders by stretching me out beyond normal human range-of-motion. Not everyone is a double-jointed Chinese acrobat!!! Read an anatomy book; take note that if someone is resisting, it's probably due to pain. Oh! And it's a foot reflexology place. You need to know there are other parts of the feet other than the toes. I'm just now beginning to regain feeling after 30 minutes were spent on JUST toes and completely disregarded the rest of my foot. \n\nNeed to step it up people. One of these days, someone is really going to get hurt. Someone's going to snap something as they perform their contortionist stretches...