Located in the Von's shopping center on Lake Mead & Buffalo, Windy City Beefs-n-Dogs is run by \"dees guys\" who believe Chicago food is the best in the world. And in an effort to bring some of that flavor to Vegas, they've got a full menu of classic dishes straight from their hometown.\n\nNow, the restaurant itself is a bit on the small side. When you walk in the door, it's basically like looking down a hallway with chairs against the wall. There's also counter style seating to the right that overlooks the cooks working their magic, and a menu hanging over the register where you place your orders. On that menu, you'll not only find those classic Chicago dishes, but other options like burgers, wings, fingers and even gyros. Unlike their Eastern location though, this one does not serve pizza. However, they've just added a new bulk menu that allows you take home everything from pounds of meat, to gallons of ju!  \n\nOn the just under a handful of times that we've been here, these are the things I've had...\n\nChicago Dog - A classic, done right! No matter where I go, this is absolutely one of my favorite ways to eat a hot dog, and dees guys now how to do it. They proudly display their use of Vienna beef dogs and top it with all fresh ingredients, including a full pickle spear, the all important tomato wedges and of course, snappy and spicy sport peppers. Plus they put in all a perfectly steamed poppyseed bun, making for one of the better Chicago dogs you'll find in town.\n\nBeef Sandwich - Easily one of, if not the best I've had in Vegas! Tons of thinly sliced tender beef and mozzarella cheese inside, and done up with gravy however you like. I prefer mine wet, giving it a good balance of texture without making it too soggy where it requires a fork & knife. I'm also a huge fan of their spicy Papa's Giardiniera, which gets its heat from habanero and serrano peppers tossed in with diced veggies. If you like a good beef sandwich, this is where to find it!\n\nPizza Puff - This is definitely my least favorite thing I've tried here. They describe it as a folded up piece of pizza that's deep fried, almost like a glorified hot pocket. While it's okay, I feel like the taste of this could be much improved with higher quality ingredient. But for only a few bucks and served with fries, it's worth ordering just to give it a shot for yourself. \n\nWe've also tried a few different items, such as fingers, wings and fries. I wasn't a huge fan of either the wings or fingers, they just have very little to offer, but the fresh cut fries are decent and come plentiful in a brown paper baggy. That's sure to make just about any fry lover smile!\n\nPrices aren't terrible either and I love the way they do mix and match things on the menu. My order is almost always the #4 which comes with both a Chicago dog and smaller 3\" beef sandwich. You get the best of both worlds, and for only about $9, it's more than worth it.\n\nLastly, this place has excellent service. We've been greeted with smiles every single time, and there's always regulars in that they recognize, giving it in a nice small town feel. \n\nHaving never been to Chicago myself, I can't say for sure if this stuff is authentic...but I can tell you that it's excellent! And if this is how they do it in Chicago, book me a flight and get those dogs and beef sandwiches going!