Could have been 5 stars, but there are few things that is really big minus in my mind.\n\nWhen you first get inside the building, which located in an industrial area, you have to take off your outdoor shoes and change into a slipper. (I will suggest you bring your own)\nBut there is a small problem, the locker size for shoes are for shoes, if you have boots, it probably won't fit.\n\nNext up is to paid for the entrance fee, which is $20. And you can also order(?) for any massage session that you want, they usually close off the massage at 11pm(?). (The 3 of us were there at 10pm, they didn't let us to the massage until 11pm, so may be she meant the massage don't start until 11pm? Because we don't see any one there waiting or the room has anyone in it before us.)\n\nAnyway, we proceed to the change room and move on to shower. Here comes the big disappointment. The shower room was really dark, it only has a very few lights on, with the change room being so well lit, it's really a big contrast.\nThe shower offers a shampoo and a piece of bar soap, which happens to have a hair stuck on it, I didn't use it. It feels dirty, plus the drainage was a bit slow, the entire shower makes you feel really uncomfortable.\n(The hot tub was not in use, it has a red sign from the Toronto health department, I didn't read the details, but they really should get it fixed.)\nThe steam room was okay, as it being a part of the shower room, it was really dark, now come to think of it, it looks like the shower room in a horror movie.\n\nThe next area is the big room (or hall?) that has a 10 sofa along the wall and 10+ table and chairs (ones that you would find in a food court) near the food counter, and two pool tables. There are massage chairs on one side for foot massage, and on the other side are the rooms for body massage.\nOnce again, the food counter was well lit, but the other areas are quite dark, this part seems reasonable, as it's late at night, a few people are sleeping on the sofa, and the TVs are all off.\n\nWe move on to the sauna area, this part consist of a few room at different temperature on the side, with the center area being much warmer compare to the big room. Most room are at around 40 degrees with different stone for different types of health benefits. The first room we tried, once we walked in, we can smell a strong smell of sweat. We left that room, didn't bother to find out why. (It was empty)\nThe other rooms are fine (no smell), and should fit 10 people sitting together closely, you can bring in a mat and a wooden block as head rest from the center area.\nThere are one room at 70 degrees and one at 90+ degrees, and there is one ice room, which said to be use to cool you down after a series of hot room, it can recharge your energy. But I see a big patch of blackness on the ceiling, and a lot of dark spots near the cooling elements, I am no expert, but that looks like mold to me.\n\nWe then receive our massage, they have many different types of massage, we choose the wellbeing massage as we don't know what's the difference anyways. \nThe guy that gives me the massage was really strong, near the end I believe he stands on my back(?), which I felt it's too much. And the guy keep speaking Chinese, which I do understand, but wonder why he did't start off saying Korean or English to me?\nAnyway, the massage was okay, but I guess I should go with something lighter next time.\n\nThe overall experience was okay, but I probably won't come back until I know they did some improvement on things, like the lighting issue, and would choose to come in the afternoon and hope to have a better experience.