I had a party of 6 and we booked our Turnt Up Tour via Groupon at 62% off which was a steal. Our hostess was Amanda. She was fun and energetic. However, our tour got started off on the wrong foot. We booked our tour for March 5, 2016 and received our itinerary March 3. Our lineup was meet up at Sayers Club at SLS, Foxtail (at SLS), 1Oak at the Mirage and Chateau in Paris. \n\nWe were staying at Planet Hollywood and took 2 cabs to Sayers Club for our 10:25 meet up. Because we were a group of 6 we had to take 2 cabs (which totaled $40) since the max per vehicle was 4 people. We got to SLS and found Sayers Club immediately. We patiently waited for Amanda to arrive. When 10:25 got there I started to get worried and I asked bouncer at Sayers Club for Amanda. He replied with \"I haven't seen her, not sure if she's due to be here today\" My stomach dropped. I didn't know if we had been scammed or what was going on. I quickly logged on to my email only to find an email with the subject line \"Turnt Alert - Notice of Itinerary Change\" Turns out the itinerary had been changed that same day and emails were sent at 6 pm. Our meet up was no longer Sayers Club at SLS, it was Foundation Room at Mandalay and instead of Foxtail we were now going to Light. This is the complete opposite from where we were. By this time it was already 10:40 pm and I got on the phone with someone at Turnt Up Tours and they advised us to head to Mandalay and that Amanda would be on the lookout for us. We didn't want to get separated by taking 2 cabs so we paid an SUV $60 to take us to Mandalay. At this point we had already spent $100 in cab fare. We could have easily taken the Deuce (bus) from Planet Hollywood to Mandalay to begin with since we had the 3 day pass. Once we got to Mandalay it was a whole other mess. We ran up to Foundation Room and then we got a text from someone at Turnt Up Tours saying for us to go downstairs to Light for the first club. If I pay for something I expect nothing less than what is advertised. We missed the meet up at Foundation Room (which we paid for) and were rushed into Light. When we finally met up with Amanda we explained everything we had experienced and all she said was \"Sorry you can call our office on Monday to complain but our main line of communication is via email\" I'm sorry but when I am on vacation I am not on my phone checking emails. I believe that a phone call should have been made to alert us of the itinerary change. This could have saved us a lot of trouble and $100 which was spent on cab fare. We were asked to fill out a form with our complete information including our telephone numbers at the time of booking. Why ask for all that information if you can't even bother to give us a call and inform us of any changes? \n\nI did in fact call Turnt Up Tours and spoke to Bianca. Even after explaining our whole ordeal she went on to mention \"Well it looks like you had a good time I saw pictures of you dancing\" Excuse me? The issue is not whether I had a good time or not. Turnt Up needs to improve on their communication and customer service skills. Bianca offered to reimburse me and my group at total of $30 for our inconvenience and said she would send out an email explaining the reimbursement. It's been a week and I have not heard back from her or anyone at Turnt Up Tours. I probably won't see that money which is fine. I definitely do not recommend Turnt Up Tours and won't be using their service on future trips.