Quite a disappointment.  If you are a pho lover, you will hate this place.  A ball of noodles topped with tasteless broth and average to poor meat. \n\nThe meal started off well. I ordered the lunch special pho tai and spring rolls.  The rolls ($2.95) had more meat than most places and the sauce seemed to be more hoisin-based rather than peanut-based.  Different than what I expected, but a pleasant surprise.  The lunch special also comes with a small egg drop soup (figured that wouldn't be included since I ordered pho, but it was; a welcome, albeit strange, surprise).  The egg drop soup was also good. Solid egg drop soup with small pieces of carrot and corn added. \n\nThen the entree came out and my experience took a nose dive. \n\nHonestly, it's the worst broth I've encountered in Vegas.  When I think of a good bowl of pho, the broth is complex in flavor, and is the star of the dish.  This broth was flat and tasteless.  I'm not sure if it's broth from a packet, or broth that simply didn't get simmered for long enough to develop flavor, but it wasn't good.  It would be more accurate to call it meat water than to refer to it as broth. \n\nThe meat was not as bad as the broth, but still left a lot to be desired. The pho tai (rare beef) had a total of 7 small pieces of beef that, perhaps, were rare at some point, but were not by the time they got to me.  They were somewhat chewy and lacked the flavor you usually get. \n\nFinally, the noodles...  It seems like this place must put a ball of hard noodles in a bowl, slap some broth on there, throw in some meat and then bring it out immediately.  The noodles were hard and difficult to separate until they had sat for a while.  It's probably just a matter of preference, but I'd rather have waited an extra couple minutes for the food to come out than get the hard ball of noodles that had to sit before eating. \n\nThere are a couple saving graces of this place. First, the prices. The lunch specials are 5.95 and you get an entree, can of pop (Pepsi or diet pepsi), and egg drop soup.  That's a great value.  The spring rolls were also about half the price of other restaurants. And second, the food other than the pho was worthy of a 3 or 4 star rating. \n\nUnfortunately this place only gets two stars because this is supposed to be a pho restaurant, and the pho was terrible.   Probably won't be back unless I'm desperate.