I came here with my colleagues on a Thursday night. We did the tasting menu which was $45 per person. It started off as a promising night but then things took a turn for the worse...\n\nWhen I arrived I ordered the Fez Fig cocktail which to me tasted similar to a bourbon lemonade. It's definitely my kind of drink!! It contained figs, bourbon, Mahia (Moroccan spirit) and cardamom syrup. My boyfriend ordered the Marrakschi Mojito which tasted like mint tea. I liked it. It was very light and refreshing but you couldn't really taste the alcohol so my boyfriend didn't like his drink. Luckily our colleague liked it and took his cocktail. We then ordered a bottle of red Spanish wine (Conde Valdemar).\n\nWe were served a 5 appetizer platter which consisted of carrot salad, hummus, bell pepper salad, eggplant salad and a tomato cucumber salad. The carrot salad and the bell pepper salads were my favorite. It was so good! However, I didn't like the hummus and I usually love hummus! I also regret to say that I didn't like the eggplant salad because it had honey in it so it was sweet...think babaganouj but with honey. I'm sure people who like honey would enjoy this appetizer but I do not like it when my food is sweet. The tomato cucumber salad was simple and refreshing. It came with pita bread and a round loaf of bread. The pita bread was warm and thin and reminded me of a roti cut in triangles. It was so good my colleague ordered another round of pita bread for the table.\n\nThen we were served a meatball tagine and a chicken tagine. The meatball tagine was pretty good. It was like something you could put on spaghetti. The chicken tagine was even better. It had tasty potatoes and olives. We ate the tagines with couscous. The sauce came separately and it made the couscous taste so much better.\n\nLastly, we had the mint tea and the dessert platter. The mint tea was not included in the tasting menu. I just love mint tea! The downside was that the waiter charged everyone $3.75 for the mint tea which individually seems reasonable but if I do the math it came out to almost $49 for the table for hot water and mint in three teapots! that's pricy!!\n\nThe dessert platter had three different types of dessert but the waitress didn't explain what it was. One resembled a lemon meringue pie but more bitter ( I did not like this one), the other one had pieces of brownie and lastly there was chocolate cake cut up in pieces. The latter was my favorite out of the three.\n\nAt the end of the meal we were given our bills. First of all, there was only one machine for the whole restaurant! They obviously need to get more cause it was long! Second, they charged us for bread but it was so random because some people did not get charged at all, whereas a colleague and I got charged $2 and another got charged $6!! How expensive was this pita bread?! Its nowhere on the menu. We thought it was included with the meal! We should have been informed at the beginning that it would cost extra. Lastly, the owner was rude when we told him that the bottles of chardonnay that he served normally cost $8.50\/bottle at the SAQ. He was charging $60\/bottle! I mean come on! That's a crazy markup! I don't normally check how much a bottle would cost at the SAQ but I tried the wine and I liked it but my boyfriend and I wanted to order red wine instead so my boyfriend looked it up online so that we could buy it at the SAQ later and drink it another time. This particular bottle wasn't even on the wine menu. It was a good Chardonnay though so if you are in the market for a cheap one get the Cesari Adesso Chardonnay 2014! Honestly I feel like the owner could have handled the situation better and it left a bitter taste in my mouth. We informed him so that in the future he could change the price because a wine connoisseur would know that it wasn't worth $60. There was a lot of back and forth and in the end two people were not charged for their bottle but the owner told them never to return to the restaurant again! The bottle of red wine that we ordered cost us $50 and it's $19.95 at the SAQ so that was reasonable. \n\nI would have given this restaurant four stars because I liked the drinks and I liked most of the food. The portions were a good size. Also the décor was elegant. However, I find it pricey for what we got and the unpleasant service and experience we had is making me give it 2 stars. They should really consider lowering the price and be nicer to their customers. I'm sorry to say that I would not come back.