In short it was a disappointment. Way over priced for the low low quality. Also, all the reviews posted since my initial review are fake. \nI love theaters with recliner seats. Green Valley Luxury was my first but I've been to many brands and many locations. There's literally no other way to see a movie (except maybe in your Pj's on your couch) this one has been my least favorite so far. \n\nThe recliners hardly recline and the large lump of a pad at the top forced my neck in an uncomfortable angle (maybe I'm not tall enough but I'm definitely not short!) \n\nThe food was less than okay. The pulled pork on my sliders was cold and tasted like it was stored in a plastic bag and the bread was sub par. The short rib flat bread was inedible. The crust around the edge was too hard to bite and there was some kind topping that was he taste and consistency of wet dog food. The drinks had so much potential with their fun ingredients. The mule tasted like a little sprite and lot of lime and mine tasted like syrup, nothing else. The rosemary didn't translate in the drink at all other than it was there to look at, adding no flavor or scent. \n\nThe theater design and decor was very minimalist but not in a cool funky way, more of a budget design way. Right when we walk in greeter shakes my hand, not an introduction, not a 'how are you doing' or 'can I help you' just a 'hello' and a hand shake. If you wanna chat briefly and are sincerely happy to meet me shake my hand. I'm not in the habit of shaking for the fun of it, it's flu season for gods sake, how many hands will he be touching before washing his hands? \nThe theater servers in quality brands are like ninjas, not here. The server brought our check, reaching across my boyfriend to put it on my table, he shines a flashlight on his food to see if he could clear he table. Not okay. The movie isn't over you are interrupting!!! \nPicture quality was just okay. Blurry at times, it wasn't sharp and the sound wasn't anything special. I've had a 4K tv, this is not 4K (I read somewhere it was but who knows) \n\nI'm rooting for iPic to come to vegas , now that's a theater.  \nI don't recommend and I won't be back anytime soon. Hopefully they get their act together, increase he food quality and the server training