3.5 stars... possibly the best Horchata in Toronto and their Al Pastor is quite good.\n\nOne Sunday we did a Taco showdown of 2 of the more popular taco places in Toronto.  We already did Seven Lives and Grand Electric (plus 2 others we wont mention).  So we decided to try Tacos 101 & Wilbur to see how they stacked up to my experiences in Chicago and San Diego.  \n\nI know there are 3 groups of people who have strong thoughts about tacos... I'll just ignore the ones who dont like them in this review.  The first group is all about the street tacos... the ones you find a mom and pop shop grinding out the best savoury flavours for a few dollars and they dont look pretty but they're just solid with recipes going back generations.  Then you have the ones that are re-inventing them... using the shells as edible packaging to bring out new flavours and visual wow factor.  And then you have people who love taco bell... I'm going to ignore that group too. \n\nTacos 101 sit perfectly in the Street Tacos scene... true to the original flavours that come out of these tiny stores run by a Mexican family.  With their smaller menu, they offer the traditional greats like Carnitas and Al Pastor. They also have a few interesting offering ... a vegetarian cactus (Nopal), the Baja favourite of crispy fish, and a chicken one.  They do have their in house made drinks... get one.  Really.\n\nThe place is quite small... with no tables but bar seating facing the window.  Maybe at most 6 seats.  It's bright and bold with the vivid Mexican wrestling masks painted everywhere.  It's a fun bright place even in the dead of winter.  We got our order figured out and the service is super friendly and cheerful.  \n\nCarnitas - Tender pork topped with a salsa and pico de gallo which is a mixture of tomato, onions, cilantro, and peppers.  This was a good taco that sat on a soft corn shell.  3.5\/5\n\nAl Pastor - Pork with more of a grilled finish and topped with salsa, cilantro, and pineapple.  This brought the sweet and savoury and made it the preferred pork taco between the two.  4\/5\n\n(Baja) Fish - This one was unfortunately not cooked as well. The fish was lukewarm and the batter was soft and soggy.  I'm not sure if the oil was not hot or that it was premade and then, used later.  Either way, the fish taco was definitely missing the hot crunch I love when eating them in San Diego.  As for flavour, it wasn't bad.  I had to add some of the heat to bring it up but I just wish they made the fish fresh. 2\/5\n\nHorchata - YES!! It has been ages since I've had a good horchata.  Last time I had it was in San Diego and every time I've had it since then... watery or too sugary.  This was perfect.  Nice creaminess with lots of good cinnamon and a healthy dose of sugar.  This just tastes so good... perfect if you use too much heat from the hot salsas.  5\/5\n\nFor all 3 tacos, they were good sizes... you wont feel starved if you have an order of 2.  Also, if you like a bit of heat... use the medium one.  The very hot is REALLY hot... and only use a smidge. Unless you like pain on your tongue, then this would be the place to go.