While my daughter was attending a birthday party across the street, a couple of the dads and I decided to escape the estrogen-driven affair by grabbing lunch and some drinks at SOL. \n\nWhen I walked in, I was very impressed with the vibe. It's dimly lit, but not TOO dim, giving it a nice intimate feel. Now, being three husbands seeking respite from arguably the most estrogen-driven place in Scottsdale (Girly Girlz), we weren't looking for \"intimate\". So, we found our way to the bar. \n\nThe bar at SOL is very cool. Half of the bar is inside the restaurant, while the other half is outside on the patio covered by awesome red awnings. The middle of the bar is where the bartender makes her rounds. Directly above the bar is a beautiful hanging shelf loaded with tequila from wall to wall. On the far right and left sides of the bar (both inside and out), there are televisions. We tried to find a seat out on the patio side, but the weather was so nice this day, there wasn't a chance we'd find a seat...let alone three.  So, we ended up inside. No biggie. We could still feel the breeze flowing through the bar from outside. Like I said...the bar is VERY cool.\n\nWe debated on whether or not we wanted food. But, after seeing the menu, what choice did we really have? From the brunch menu to the dinner menu, literally everything sounded amazing. \n\nBeing that I'm TRYING to eat healthier these days, I gravitated towards the skinny grilled chicken burrito. It's essentially a grilled chicken salad wrapped in a flour tortilla. It sounds simple enough...but trust me when I tell you that the taste is FAR from simple. It was also quite large. I REALLY wanted to eat the whole thing by myself, and I absolutely could have. However, the burrito was so good, I would have felt guilty if I couldn't have shared the other half with my wife. I feel like she would have missed out on something amazing in life had she not been afforded the opportunity to taste it. When I brought the other half home to MY better half, the look on her face when she took a bite of it was all the proof that I needed to know that I had done the right thing.\n\nThe food and atmosphere are fantastic. Our service was mediocre...but, it WAS really packed...especially for a Sunday afternoon. Though, it was right in the heart of March Madness. The burrito was so good, it kind of covered up the lackluster service from the bartender.\n\nOne other detractor, at least for us, was the placement of the televisions. We appreciated the fact that the televisions were there, but they were definitely not equally visible from every seat at the bar. In fact, if you end up having to sit in the middle of the bar (like we did), you'll have to crane your neck VERY awkwardly if you want to see either television.\n\nOne last note...SOL does not have beer on tap...just bottles. I'm not sure if that's a plus or a minus. I just found it interesting.