Wagon Wheel is one of those places that you can get away with doing what your mother taught you not to do -- judge a book by its cover.  From the outside, it is a cozy (read as somewhat cramped in front, although I caught a glimpse of a back room that was not lit or being utilized) breakfast joint with a old small western town feel to it... and it does not pretend to be anything other that.  \n\nIt's not the cleanest place you could go to for breakfast, but the portions are large, the prices are extremely reasonable, and the food is good!  \n\nI had the He-man combo that included two eggs (cooked to order), two sausage patties, two pieces of deliciously delicious bacon, and two pancakes.  All for around $8.  \n\nEvery table had two types of hot sauce on it and the eggs were a bit bland before adding said hot sauce.  I substituted extra bacon for my sausage, but did try a bite of a fellow diner's sausage and it was slightly spicy better than it looked!  The bacon... oh, the bacon.  I just love bacon and this hit the spot.. so let's leave it at that.  The pancakes... as big as the plate they are served on and I can't say that I am convinced that anyone could actually eat two of these monsters!  I like my pancakes a little soggy from maple syrup and these babies just absorbed it all in like a sponge.  \n\nNothing was spectacular, but I felt like I got my money's worth with all that food and this place just provides that small-town rustic charm!\n\nMegan, our server, did a good job with our group that was six people divided between two tables.  She actually handled every table in the restaurant (see again my earlier comment about this place being small).  She provided accurate service with a smile and that's likely why she is also mentioned in a couple other yelper reviews!\n\nMy only knock on the place was the lack of cleanliness.  It wasn't apparent everywhere, but the tiny men's bathroom was kind of disgusting.  And the door didn't close all the way... which is fine since I only had to do the \"number one\"... but it would not have been if I had to do the \"number two\".