Why do gamblers lie  so much?  It seems they always overstate how much they win, and rarely admit how much they lose. Yeah, you're gambling superman. But I noticed your once fat wallet, bulging on the flight to Sin City,  was razor thin on the way back to the OC - LOL.  By law, the casinos have to give 90 per cent or so of their income to gamblers. That means...over the long run, you'll lose.  \n\nAlainte Station Casino and Hotel will probably take your money too. At least if you go to this casino, it's beautiful and well run.  It's safe, clean, and spacious.  It's only a few years old, with ample parking.  The air filtration system is newer and stronger than most of the casinos on the strip, so you can usually avoid smelling too much smoke.  The bathrooms are always super clean, as are the restaurants.  They have TGI Fridays and a new Italian restaurant that gets great reviews.  Their popular food choice is the buffet, like it is in most casinos.  If you're a frequent gambler, or complete one of their restaurant surveys, you'll start to get two for one coupons to the buffet.  \n\nWhat is cool is their Friday night seafood buffet for $17.99.  The place is a zoo from about 5 PM till about 8 PM. The last time I was there, they had all you can eat boiled snow crab, along with cold crab legs, ceviche, lobster in Chinese dishes, and lots of shrimp prepared fried, sauteed, on ice, and boiled.  Sometimes, they'll have shrimp creole.  Occasionally they'll have crawfish, and other fish selections like salmon and some white fish baked.  My brother filled out one of those survey forms, got a 2 for 1 coupon, and I ate for FREE!  There's no way they make any money on this as  all of the local food hypereaters show up. \n\nUnlike my cousins, my mom is on a fixed income.  So she plays once a week, usually on the weekend, on her favorite machines.  She spends $20 max.  Her rule is that she cannot lose more than $20, and at that point, she goes home.  She will sometimes come home empty handed.  But on her birthday, she won $400 on the penny machines.  Funny thing is, some lady from her Church took her machine after mom won, and she lost $100!  Yikes, my mom says the key is knowing when to stop.  \n\nThey have a hotel also, and they offer locals some pretty good deals. We've had lots or relatives stay and play there.  Overall, this is a convenient casino for those living in North Las Vegas.  My mom is only 3 miles away, a great temptation to over gamble, but  thankfully, she's always been financially responsible.  Thank God for that, and with her winnings, paid for my return flight back to the OC!  Yeah mom.