Ask me the best place to take someone on a first date, and I would say, \"Whole Foods.\"  Don't let the nomer mislead, for here is a mecca for foodies of all ethnicities and tastes.\n\nWhen sauntering in, the organic produce section will ward those that come to bargain shop, away.  I came here to buy a 3.99 cucumber, when I could have easily purchased the same for .79 at the local Albertsons.  Okay, I was actually here to find ingredients for a thai soup.  Though I was unable to locate fish sauce, I did find the kaffir lime leaves.  In addition, I bet that if i had asked the store manager if they would please start carrying the ingredients to Thom Ka Gai, they would.\n\nFor the discerning shopper, quality is king here.  Once you have made it past the produce, a plethora of fresh fish and crustacean awaits.  A treasure trove of seafoods is displayed behind the bullet proof glass.  Smoked, marinated, skewered, fileted...but that is merely the beginning.  The able purveyors of said seafood, who purchase most of the fish fresh on a daily basis (do they fly to the coast every morning?)  will grill it for you if you don't want to do the work.  I ordered calamari steak which was grilled in a garlic cilantro sauce, and served with whole grilled cloves of garlic and lemon wedges.  I ate it while I meandered through the rest of the store.  But I get ahead of myself.  Let me illustrate in more detail the grandeur of the fruits of the sea I beheld.  Smoked rainbow trout, Chilean sea bass, swordfish, lobster cakes, crab cakes, soy Ginger albacore, whole wild king salmon, Alaskan halibut, calamari steak, fish I have never heard of, pink fish, blue fish, smoked fish, seared fish, king prawns, lobster tail, and the buffet went on.\n\nI passed impressive wine selections, lagers and brews from around the world, a wine bar with tasting menus, and came to my next destination.  The land of cheese.  A large assortment of cheeses greeted my hungry eyes.  Cheeses I had never seen, cheeses of which I have only dreamed, truffle mousse, pates, and cheesie noshes galore.  It just got better when the cheese man said I could have anything I wanted.  Well, I could taste any one of the cheeses.  The Adriatic fig spread caught my eye, and the gears were turning.  Cheese man recommended a cheese pairing for the spread, and would I like to sample?  Such music to my ears, as he grabbed a juicy wedge of  capricho de cabra goat cheese. I closed my eyes to really savor the taste, and was swept away to the Adriatic, lying in the arms of a handsome goat herder named Guiseppe, who was feeding me figs and goat cheese.  Whole foods is that good.\n\nIf this culinary adventure wasn't good enough, there were to be many more chapters in this book of love.  A hot bar with foods around the world, featuring must-have easts such as vindaloo chicken.\nChef's specialties, made to order sandwhiches and paninis, hand carved meats, an olive bar, a vegetarian bar, a vegan bar, gelato, rice pudding, and a bakery.\n\nMy heart was pumping with sensory overload as I spotted potato pancakes, tabouleh, and garlic nan - all in the same section.\n\nWhy wouldn't this place be a perfect setting for the first date?  What better way to get to know someone, than through food?  What food market in this sprawling metropolis offers to cook your food for you before you leave the store?  Where can you sip wine and eat cheese, and finish your date with groceries with genuine gelatto?\n\nA mecca indeed...