About a year and a half ago or so I read an article in Pittsburgh Magazine about this amazing ice cream CSA that would deliver pints of artisanal ice cream directly to your door.  It sounded too good to be true.  I immediately went to their website and signed up for the first of many.  Thus my love affair with Millie's Homemade Ice Cream was born.\n\nFrom the very first delivery of Lemon Verbena, I melted with delight.  I enjoyed getting to try some of Chad's creations over the year (including Paw Paw, Mint Chocolate Chip, Chocolate Chicory, and Spumoni ice cream along with some great sorbets like Rhubarb and Arnold Palmer).  And to make it even better, the owners themselves (Chad and Lauren) were the ones who made the deliveries!  Every time I would greet one of them at the door we would talk about the previous flavors and they would tell me a bit about the new flavors.  It's exciting enough when someone brings you ice cream but this was a whole other level of customer service backing an amazing product.  When I heard they finally had a space to open up a scoop shop, I had mixed emotions.  Happy that they were able to realize their dream but also sad for myself that I now had to get my own ice cream.\n\nTheir new shop in Shadyside is a wonderful exhibit of their product.  It's simple yet unique.  A playful mural shows the stops along the way in the making Millie's Homemade Ice Cream.  They use local seasonal ingredients so the flavors will rotate making each trip to Millie's a whole new experience.  And even when the flavors are more complex, the ingredients are not.  I would always laugh while eating my CSA pints when I noticed how few ingredients are listed.  They've hired a small team of enthusiastic local college and high school students to man the scoops.  The kids seem to have learned quickly how to make a fresh waffle cone or panini up some brioche.\n\nYes, brioche.  The short menu at Millie's includes your scoops, your waffle cones, a few sundaes, floats....and brioche.  It's an idea Lauren told me they got at Epcot's French section where they put ice cream on a brioche bun and place it in a special panini press.  I had the orange marmalade with poppy ice cream on mine, quite possibly the best flavor combination.  I also had a waffle cone with Vietnamese Coffee and Dark Chocolate (made with Hop Farm Brewing's Fresh Pot of Porter) - another magical flavor combination.  Floats are made with Red Ribbon's root or birch beer.  They have a few pints for sale at the register, too, just in case you can't leave empty handed.\n\nThere is no limit on samples so be sure to taste as much as you'd like before deciding.  One current flavor is a coconut lime sorbet that is very refreshing.  There were several large water pitchers strategically located around the shop so it's not necessary to bother the staff for a drink.  I also noticed Lactaid for sale - it's like they thought of everything!  Inside there are a few tables and a bar for sitting as well as some counter space along the wall.  There is an outdoor deck that will be nice once the weather warms up.  \n\nI'm so happy for their success and proud to have been a support since the CSA program.  Pictures I've seen from the first few days show long lines out the door.  Please don't let that discourage you.  There's a reason you might have to wait.  I'd give Millie's 10 stars if I could.