This little corner of Campbell and 40th Street in Arcadia should be called , 'fun foodie corner'! LGO has once again added a new place and it pleases on the more healthy simple side of the palette. Recently, I used a gift cert I had to try it out during a great winter day in Phoenix.. meaning, not the typical 'winter day' of anywhere else; The sun was shining and the birds were happily chirping as we were not under three feet of snow like other parts of the US. Ahhh us lucky Arizonians! We get to lunch in the winters on a sunlit patio.. and Ingo's has a great one! Colorful little tables adorn this picnic patio under the trees and on the corner for watching the life of whatever pass by. The menu is simple, as is the food. The special of the day is brought to you on a sticky note and thats cute. Clean and pretty healthy choices await you here at Ingo's. But if you're anything like me.. I can order everything healthy and then SOMEONE at my table inevitably will get the splurge factor involved that I can not resist. In this case and on this day it was the Fresh Shattered Potato Chips! Soo, so tasty! They are not 'chips' in the sense of being thin .. they are hand cut potatoes and a little thick with just enough sea salt and Ingo's hot sauce , (and yes, IT's HOT!(, or a creamy dipping sauce on the side. Too yummy for words! Completely shareable! We shared the Toni's Deviled Eggs that say they have goat cheese per the menu.. they were super good! I just don't know if I can say I actually tasted goat cheese. I also had the White Fish Club Sandwich.. and if you have read my reviews before, being from the bay area and growing up as the ocean as my back yard, I always ask if the fish is fresh. She assured me it was and I can attest that it tasted very fresh! I did the fish grilled versus fried and it was tasty! The sauce was amazing and made the sandwich very good! A decent serving at that! I also did a small Kale and Quinoa Salad.. YUM! The right amount of lemon sets the greens, grapes and red peppers offset with a smattering of parmesan, manchego cheeses and sunflower seeds into a spin for your tastebuds in this very healthy salad. I can see myself grabbing one of these to-go in large to fly with! Ingo's has housemade sangrias; cocktails; craft beers and LGO's own red and white wine. This was a 'school day' for me so no libations but Ingo's could be the perfect place for having cocktails on this great patio. They also have curbside service for 'to go' orders! In all of my years of living in the valley, not one LGO concept has disappointed me and Ingo's, by no surprise, did not either. I truly loved it.. a healthy, simple concept with clean ingredients! I only came in with 4 stars versus 5 on this review for the girl lacking in her energy in serving us.. I could not tell if she just wasn't into us or her day or her job! She barely cracked a smile .. I get it, as I have days like that too. Usually a perk of espresso makes me forget my woes for the time though! Nonetheless, nothing else could possibly have been wrong with Ingo's ! Can't wait to come back and hang out on the patio with sangria in hand!