Before I start - I have to say a previous reviewer's comments were a hoot.  You order duck, and get a dirty fork, so your solution is to eat with your hands and make a note to never order duck again?  I might, you know, wipe the fork myself, or, brace yourself, ask them for a clean one.  Going caveman on my waterfowl might be Plan C. Annnyways, on to the review..\n\nThe place: The place is a decent size and as some reviewers said, it's a mix of funky and divey.. There are cool interlocked plastic lights hung throughout, but there are also Christmas baubles.  And they're hung from a white tiled office ceiling.  Likewise, there are some nice authentic-ish decorations around the perimeter of the restaurant, adjacent to some cottage-ey light colour wood trim\/paneling.  Didn't bother me though - actually felt a bit less intimidating than a totally-authentic place would to a non-Asian such as myself.  Oh, and I give a fricking 12 out of 5 stars for the menus.  Every dish has a picture!  First (authentic) Chinese place I've been to in the city that has this, and it's brilliant.  For those of you who dislike the detail provided by the typical Chinese restaurant (whose menus are essentially a list of one-line dish descriptions, often poorly translated), you'll love this menu.\n\nThe service: Typical Chinese place.  You won't find any Jack Astor personalities here.  Expect to potentially need to flag down your server, don't expect too many smiles, do expect curt but informative responses, and you'll be totally fine.  Nothing out of the ordinary here, moving along..\n\nThe food: Pretty decent.  Got the spicy shrimp+eggplant and the Thai lemongrass pork along with some rice  - both were very good.  And as usual tea is included and unlimited.  The dishes came with forks\/knives as needed, and chopsticks were also included depending on how you like to eat your bone-in pork chops.  The menu I should not has an interesting selection - mostly Chinese authentic dishes, including large group-share portions (eg. duck) and dim sum options, but also some Westernized Chinese (eg. chicken balls) and Thai dishes as well.\n\nGreat experience overall - not too pricey, great food, decent service, clean.  I'll be back 100%.