Now I remember why I never come to this location when I go to TGI Fridays...service is terrible! When we arrived we were told it was going to be a 30 min wait. Since it was Friday night, we figured that made sense and we sat around waiting for our table. About 20 min later we were told that our table was ready and followed the hostess into the restaurant where we were led to the far back left corner, passing through a half empty restaurant! If there were dozens of tables empty, why did we have to wait and more importantly, why were we lied to about a 30 min wait when they could've pieced together 2 tables to fit our party of 5 easily! \n\nWhen it came time to order our drinks and appetizers, I inquired about happy hour and was told it was only at the bar. Since my friend had his nephew with him we couldn't move to the bar, oh well. We placed our drink and food orders, with Rachel and I going with the $10 unlimited appetizers - mozzerella sticks and boneless wings. The mozz sticks and wings were decent since those are pretty difficult to screw up. My 2nd order of mozz sticks were not as good and the cheese wasn't as melted which is how I like it. Our 2nd order of wings had the garlic parmesean sauce on it, which tasted kind of funky. Rachel couldn't eat it because it looked like snot to her lol.\n\nWhen it came time to pay, we split the check between 2 cards and when the waitress saw this she asked for our IDs. Hold up, hold my phone. Since when do restaurants check for IDs when paying for a meal?! At first I refused to show my ID on the principle that no merchant is supposed to ask for ID anyways when paying with a card (Visa and MasterCard both prohibit this), much less a restaurant. However, it didn't seem like she was going to let me use my card if I didn't show her my ID. A little argument ensued where I informed the waitress that by doing so her business is in violation of their contracts\/agreements with MasterCard and that I would report them for such a violation if she continued to ask for my ID. In the end, I decided to just comply by tossing my ID at her rather than just walking out and not paying. I figured I'd contact MasterCard and their corporate customer service to voice my complaints, because an hourly paid waitress is too dumb to understand anything related to business or contracts anyways. All she kept saying was that she could send her manager over as if that was going to solve anything. She said it was store policy so I'm pretty sure her manager was the one that taught her this. Idiots.