Here ye, here ye (in my Medieval Times voice)! Attention potential applicants. I will keep this short and sweet. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME. Keep driving by, don't call to inquire, and although this may be rude, don't even say hello. Lmao. This place is so pourly ran, it's not even funn, and I never lived there a day in my life!! \nI was relocating to Vegas from LA for work. Was highly considering the Henderson area because I have family that lives there and it is nice. Came across this \"apartment home community\" and started the online process. MEANING, I paid the application fee and all that. Called the office several times and spoke with Shayna (manager); I am a firm believer in communication, so I informed her of my story - my work, why I was moving, desired date, desired unit, etc. Well the oline site was having technical issues AND suddenly the unit I was applying for disappeared. I called Shayna back and she too disappeared. So I spoke with another girl and she said don't worry, it's available, I'll let Shayna know and have her call you back. So because this is Yelp, you already know where I'm going with this. Of course she didn't call back! I attempted three additional times to speak with this chick over the next 36hours and she was not available;   always \"with a tenant\" or \"in a meeting.\" BULLSHIT! She ain't that busy. So I called the office, spoke with some girl named Jasmine and said, \"Refund my money now!\" Next thing I know, she was transferring me to her manager, Shayna, who was soooooooo unreachable the other days though. Smdh.\n\nListen, these bimbos, chicks, idiots, or whatever you want to call them, are not skilled or trained properly to be collecting anybody's money, let alone rent! Call them what you want, just make sure it ain't PROFESSIONAL. They lack every since of the word. They may not have even graduated from high school. Who knows. But if any company would have these dumb broads working in th front office, you don't want to stay there anyway. And in the type of world we living  in right now with people going through so much in their lives and ready to snap at any minute, not sure why folks be trying\/testing folks. #RussianRoulette \n\nAnd yes, I got my $. #DontPlay #ItsNotAGame  \nOne star ONLY because I have to.