This place was a complete disaster for their Valentine's evening tasting menu.  Nothing seemed to go well.  Clearly, they were massively understaffed.  The entire experience made me rate our stay at Four Seasons lower (and subsequently not want to return).   \n\nWe arrived on time and were seated at a table that was wobbly (thankfully, this was quickly corrected).  The dinner on Valentine's day was a tasting menu (and we opted for the optional sparkling wine pairing).  What followed was a plodding 3.5 hour experience where we were routinely forgotten about and served disgusting-appearing (and frequently poorly-tasting) food.\n\nIt was clear when we first arrived that they were MASSIVELY understaffed.  Our waiter was kind but in a rush the entire time, running from table to table (he actually dumped sparkling wine on a patron's dress during the time we were there as he was moving so quickly).  We waited a good 20 minutes before the first course arrived.  Meh, average oysters with a shooter.  Again, we waited another 20 minutes before the next course (they would bring the sparkling wine at least 10-15 minutes, if not more, before the actual course).  The next course was a complete disaster of appearance (if you're brave enough, see the photos below).  Are those horns coming out of store-bought, canned tuna (because that is what it tasted like)?  At this point, they COMPLETELY forgot a course, trying to bring out the next two wine pairings.  When we pointed this out, they quickly took away the extra wine (despite waiting 40 minutes for the next course).  This course, the ravioli, was the only course that tasted decent with a complex flavor that I would expect from a restaurant such as this.  I will give them credit for this course alone.  The main course was a tenderloin that was massively overcooked (with silverware with food stuck to it!!!  see below).  The rest of the meal was completely bland and not memorable.  \n\nI hope this restaurant gets its act together.  What a disaster!!!!