Living the Americana dream!  That pretty well sums up my recent visit. The beer selections, delicious food, service and overall atmosphere were all on point. \n\nAtmosphere - This is a very cool spot right in the middle of the happening area of Tempe. The large bar with three roll up garage style doors, allows for the best of the indoors and out on a nice evening. Between sports on the TVs above the bar and the people watching on the sidewalk, Americana is the perfect drink spot. I witnessed about a 50\/50 mix between college students (wish I would've have a hangout like this back then) and tourists. There is also a second bar located on the interior as well as a spacious dining area. \n\nThe food - Regrettably, I only had the sliders from the appetizer menu. My small sampling was however enough that I'm fairly confident that there's no going wrong on any food choice here. The sliders are served, three of your choice with Angus, pulled pork, shaved steak, buffalo chicken or fried chicken. I choose two Angus and one steak. The shaved steak slider, with Provolone and au jus was very good. The Angus sliders on the other hand, we absolutely delicious. The thought of the robust flavor of the well seasoned, perfectly cooked beef in conjunction with the grilled onions, 1000 Island, pickles and cheddar on a pillowy top, bottom toasted bun has my mouth watering even now as I think back on it. Surprisingly the flavor of the beef maintained prominence despite the rich accompanying toppings. The menu consists of a handful of appetizers. My neighbors ordered the nachos (they come in a huge portion) and they resulted in some serious food envy. In addition to the appetizers, the menu consists of eleven different specialty burgers, all of which sound intriguing and a nice selection of \"premium handheld\" (sandwiches). There are also salads. While I'm sure they're great; don't do it!; not here. Then there are some gourmet Mac N Cheese options, a flat iron steak, shrimp skewers and a country fried chicken. I like that tots and sweet potato tots are in the line up as side options. Lastly, the brunch menu looks very enticing as well. \n\nThe drinks - The menu boasts a handful of specialty cocktails and wines, both bars are well stocked and the tap options are extensive. I'm doubtful that any beer person won't find something here that will make them happy. The drafts come in 16 oz. or 32 oz. which is essentially a mini pitcher. I'm used to ordering the larger beer option when given a choice, but never pay attention to the ounces so I was a little surprised when my mini pitcher came out. Not to worry though, I handled it in quick order. \n\nThe service - I couldn't have asked for any better. A shoutout to Adrienne (a named I remember thanks to her colorful Rocky reference) and her partner for being friendly and attentive. Despite the bartenders being fairly busy, I never waited on anything. \n\nIn summary, if you're looking for a great place to catch a game or have happy hour in Tempe, this is a solid option. If burgers and beer speak to you, this is a winner.