I'm a FIVE year regular here.  I love this bar.  The beer is great.  The staff is mostly wonderful.  Even though they've raised their prices, and made some poor decisions, I've remained a regular customer here.  Everbody KNOWS MY NAME.  So, WHY am I giving a ONE STAR REVIEW??   Because I was SINGLED OUT, and HARASSED by the owner of this establishment,  here's the story.   I recently was irked by SunUp's decision to provide valet parking in their small parking lot.  I posted some negative, yet clean and respectful comments about that decision on Facebook.  It affects me considerably because I ride a motorcycle.  Nobody rides my motorcycle,  sorry.  Valets included.   SO,  I am forced to park in the East parking lot on the brewery side because of valet.  There's only ONE SHADY parking space there and it's clearly marked with two white painted lines, so that's where I've been parking.   I've actually parked my moto there many times over the years when other shady spots have been taken.   So what's different today?   I recently pissed the owner off with my social media comments about the valet,  plain and simple.   He saw that as a perfect opportunity to single me out and harass me and try to make me jump through a hoop.   He tapped me on the shoulder and asked me to move my motorcycle.  I asked why.  He said that if a customer decided to exit the main parking lot from the back, that I was blocking them from leaving.  The main parking lot has it's OWN exit and I knew that I wasn't blocking anyone, so I asked him to follow me into the parking lot to take a look.  I pointed out the white parking lines,  demonstrated that I wasn't blocking anyone.   He told me to move it anyway.  I said no.  He threatened to tow my bike.  I told him to go F himself.  He threatened to call the police and told me that I have been 86'd.   I went inside,  paid for my beer that I never got to drink and left.  I'll be damned if the owner is going to force me to park my bike IN THE SUN.   I will be writing this story for WE RIDE ARIZONA too,  so other bikers know that they will be harassed if they come to this bar.  I have been kicked out and asked never to return.  NOTE:  The pics here were taken on a Sunday morning, a couple days after I was booted.