If there's one thing I have learned as a nascent foodie, it's that restauranteurs can rarely go wrong choosing one thing and doing it well. \n\nWitness the orgy of dumpling shops, taco trucks and artisanal charceuterie bars that command our attention here on Yelp, and elsewhere. \n\nRendezvous Asian cuisine bears this statement out; signage promises Dim Sum and Thai food. the menu drags Vietnamese pho and Japanese gyoza into the mix. \n\nAnd by reaching for these pan-Asian stars it stumbles badly into the gustatory gutter. \n\nWe arrive for lunch around 1 pm on a weekday. There are other diners, which is a good sign. There are comfy chairs and white tablecloths and a menu promising the above, for very reasonable prices. \n\nSo we order; a bunch of dumplings, some spring rolls, hot and sour and wonton soups, and my favourite, pho. \n\nThe first item to arrive are the Thai wontons; a trio of limp insipid dumplings that look like wads of bloody tissue paper (I can come up with a worse analogy, but this is a family site). They are filled with tasteless chicken and covered in a ketchup-red sauce that tastes like peanut butter would, if you had a cold. \n\nSpring rolls follow; reasonably crisp but stingily-filled, with a weird pasty note that reminds me of the chickpeas I found listed in the ingredients of a batch of reheatable rolls I bought at Wal-Mart a while ago. \n\nHot and Sour soup should be renamed Sweet and Sweet. It's vegetarian, but mostly bereft of vegetables. Wonton soup is wan, the 'tons likely a replay from the Thai dish earlier. Gyoza and Siu Mai both feature chicken. Both are meh. \n\nI'm glad this wasn't my introduction to Pho, ordinarily one of nature's most perfect foods. this one featured chewy grey beef instead of tender rare slices, zero veggie garnish (cilantro? shallot? mint? Basil? Bean sprouts? Beuller?), and broth that could best be described as muddy; like someone started with a stock cube and, searching for some animal protein, opted to dump a big lobe of liver into the pot.  The portion of noodles is huge, but the amount of sriracha and hoisin (cutely served in mini squeeze botthles) required to achieve palatability still doesn't make 'em worth eating. \n\nService is pleasant enough, but there are plenty of good Thai, Japanese, Chinese and Vietnamese restaurants to go around. If you're in thornhill and your party can't decide which cuisine to choose, just draw straws.