I really wanted this to be a better review, we even came back a second time hoping the things that had been off our first visit would be fixed....but they weren't....\n\nFirst off, Hubby and I are currently following vegan\/vegetarian diets, so this review only focuses on menu items that fit those categories.  From what I hear and have experienced in the past at other locations, their meat options are very tasty....but when they only have a few vegan\/vegetarian options and that's all we can eat, they need to be right.\n\nAlso, the menu at their North Decatur location is significantly different that at their other locations.  Per the manager we spoke with yesterday, the menu at North Decatur will be coming to the other locations in the future....which means some of the items you know and love will be quite different (and not necessarily for the better) but still have the same name.  This is very odd to us and caused problems.\n\nYesterday, I had the coconut curry bowl with a mug of the veggie chickpea and quinoa soup.  Hubby ordered the Vegwich (which he's had at the other locations several times in the past) with a side of sweet potato fries and a mug of the same soup.   The curry bowl was delicious but very spicy (this seemed to be a trend, as we would find out), however, I don't mind spicy and really enjoyed the dish.  The soup was tasty but didn't have a single speck of quinoa in it.  At first, I thought I'd just randomly received a scoop that had missed the quinoa....but then Hubby's didn't have any either....literally NONE.  Hubby's Vegwich was also nothing like the sandwich by the same name at the other locations.  The portobello cap had been replaced by golden beets, the avocado by fresh bean sprouts, the horseradish by a red beet spread, and the multigrain bun with multigrain toast.  I personally detest beets while Hubby doesn't mind them....but even he couldn't make himself finish it because the beet flavor was so overwhelming.  This new version is a serious downgrade from the original and not worth repeating.  Thankfully, the sweet potato fries remained delicious.\n\nThe shift manager (as well as all the staff) was super nice and spoke with us about our concerns with the missing quinoa and distasteful Vegwich and then recommended other items that were his personal favorites for future visits.  We're game for just about anything, so we came back today to give it another try.\n\nWe both ordered the Meanbean veggie burger with sides of sweet potato and truffle fries, respectively, and a side of the CauliFire that the manager has so talked up.  The burgers had a decent flavor but an odd and off-putting mushy texture and big pieces kept falling out of the buns while we tried to eat them.  They also didn't have a single slice of avocado.  The fries, thankfully once again, were delicious.  The CauliFire didn't come out until about 15 min after the entrees, despite the late afternoon hour and lack of any line of customers, and then was nothing like what had been described to us the day before.  We had been told of a delicious roasted cauliflower, complete with caramelized edges, coated with a delicious Buffalo sauce, basically vegan chicken wings.  What we actually received was boiled cauliflower in a very thin but quite spicy and sour sauce.  I lived for over 13 years in upstate NY and I KNOW what the real Buffalo wings are supposed to taste like, chicken or cauliflower, and this was seriously not it!  When we asked for the missing avocado for our burgers and expressed the discrepancy in the cauliflower from what had been described, the young girl who came to our table offered us a free cookie for our trouble and stated that the cauliflower had been fire roasted....umm....no.  The offer of the cookie was nice but we're not eating sugar right now and none of the cookies were vegan or vegetarian.  Also, we've never seen a fire roasted veggie that wasn't at least caramelized. \n\nOverall, I'd give this location at most a 4 for the food, and only for the curry bowl and the fries, but I have to knock off a star for the repeated missing ingredients on two separate visits and lack of good flavor and\/or texture of most of the food we tried.  Fire is not a flavor and I felt the heat was an overcompensation for lack of actual tastiness.  The managers or, at the very least, the chefs need to actually taste the food they are serving to their customers.  Vegan\/vegetarian food can be absolutely delicious.  If you don't believe me, check out any decent Indian restaurant or Veggie House in Chinatown.  Heck, they even have Groupons! \n\nI hope this location can smooth out these service issues, but I am concerned that running \"new\" menu items under the same names as old menu items will hurt them in the long run, especially if they're actually worse and not better.\n\nAnd, Gold Star for you if you actually read this entire review!