My family loves Chef Marc.  He had a restaurant on Tenaya & W Lake Mead Blvd that closed a couple of years ago.  We didn't realize he opened a place on Buffalo & Washington....as soon as I heard that he did, I took the Better Half to dinner here.\n\nWe were pleasantly surprised to be greeted by Chef Marc himself at the door.  The place was packed and he offered to have us dine at the sofas in the middle of the restaurant.....we politely declined as we prefer a regular table.  We told him we'd prefer to have a glass of wine while we waited for our table.....we're patient.  My Wife told him that we came here to have his Portobello Mushroom & Organic Spinach appetizer (one of our favorites from the old joint)....he said he'd check to see if he could make it.\n\nWhile we waited, we had a glass of Sangiovese wine....it was pretty good....don't remember any other piece of info as it was suggested by Chef Marc and we ordered based on his recommendation.\n\nAfter a 10 minute wait, we were seated....not too bad for not having reservations.  While I perused the menu, I noticed that the Portobello Mushroom appetizer wasn't on there....I wondered if we would get it.  I ordered a Bufalo Mozzarella Caprese Salad to start with Sweet Potato Gnocchi w\/Gorgonzola Cream Sauce for an entree.....the Better Half ordered the Escargot Appetizer for her meal counting on the Portobello Mushroom Appetizer to show up.\n\nWe were pleasantly surprised to see the Portobello Mushroom Appetizer show up.....it was one of our favorite dishes from his old joint and here it was!  It was just as good as we remembered!  The sauce was rich and creamy and the Organic Spinach was fresh and went well with the entire dish.  A few minutes later the Bufalo Caprese Salad arrived....it was a large portion that could have easily been split between 2 people.  The Mozzarella & Tomatoes were fresh and it was A-1 Grade Goodness!\n\nFor a second glass of wine we ordered a glass of Zinfandel...don't remember the vintage or vineyard.\n\nThe entrees showed up and I was eager to try the Gnocchi.....it didn't disappoint!  The sweet flavor of the Sweet Potato went perfectly with the Gorgonzola Cream Sauce....I was in Heaven!  Wifey enjoyed her Escargot.....we couldn't believe it was only $9!\n\nOverall, we had an awesome time.\n\nWill I return?  Hells Ya!