I've been to many a beer fests and a few hosted by Motley Brews.  I had a great time at this festival.\n\nVIP tickets were $55 in advance and included admission to the private VIP area (complete with special brews and free food), early admission (get in at 2PM instead of 3PM), and admission to the entire event.  It was definitely worth it and I would highly recommend doing VIP at beer fests if you have the funds to do so.\n\nFirst, the food in the VIP area was delicious and helped me maintain a certain level of sobriety throughout the afternoon.  The portions were small enough to allow me to sample all the items (spicy sausage, mac and cheese, and yummy tacos with mango salsa) but big enough to keep me full.\n\nThe area for the event at Sunset Park was much smaller than I had anticipated and looked much bigger on the map.  For this reason, it was hard to tell where some of the lines began and ended.  A tad annoying, but oh well.  \nI love that they provided a detailed map so I could plan out my afternoon accordingly without having to scope out the area too much.  I also appreciate that they had hydration stations set up with tons of water and the awesome mister fan thing was going.  As most people lamented about, it was a really hot afternoon attributed to a really hot random week in April, but hey, Motley Brews can't control the weather so it's silly to ding them for that.\n\nParking was a pain though.  I don't remember any signage on the street pointing us in the right direction, and the parking staff seemed a tad clueless on how to organize and direct traffic.  Also, the ladies restrooms ran out of toilet paper during the afternoon and the sinks (while I'm thankful they had sinks) also ran out of paper towel.  I wished there had been a set of private bathrooms in the VIP area. It would've just been a nice added touch for the money.\n\nI know some people complained about the size of the tasting cup (about 4oz), but it's a tasting cup! The goal is sample beer, not get smashed (although I know many people had that goal going into the event).  If you really wanted to appreciate beer and find new favorites, it was a decent sized cup to accomplish the task.