In the last year we have bought a lot of things at Home Depot from this store and from online that was shipped to this store.  We have had good experiences and not so great ones.  This past Thanksgiving weekend we saw that they had a good sale for appliances.  We were in need of new appliances so we went to check it out.  \n\n We had a good idea of what we wanted and the promotions that they had going on for the holiday week.  We got there and started looking over the appliances.  We were looking for a new refrigerator, dishwasher, oven, and microwave above the stove.  We needed some help because we didn't understand all of the different savings we could have and we had questions about the appliances.  A lady working there was helping out a customer and when she finished up we asked her about the sales.  Her name was Leslie.  My wife was asking her questions and she said it was best if we came to their wall that had their specials for the week so she could explain it better.  She told us to take our time and to let her know if we had any questions.  \n\n We looked it over and understood it better after talking to her and looking at the different specials.  If we bought 4 appliances for above $498 and about $230 for the microwave we could save another $200 on top of their sale prices.  It was really good.  Once Leslie realized that we were serious  about buying all of these appliances today she really took care of us.  The fridge model and dishwasher were there for us to look at but the microwave and the oven wasn't there on the floor.  So she brought it up on their website for us to look at.\n\n     To make a long day and story short we got all 4 of the appliances.  Leslie did a good job of going over the order, delivery, and warranty options for our big purchase.  When my wife told her that we won't be going with any of their extended warranties and that they are a rip off she didn't bother us about warranties anymore LoL.  \n She gave us the card of their kitchen installer there for us to contact later in the year when we are looking to renovate our kitchen at home.\n\n     Overall it was a good experience here at home Depot. Leslie was really good at helping us and we made out on a great deal.