When you get a reception to make you feel as if you're entering into the domicile of a friend, that's when you know that you have been lucky enough to have been welcomed by Brian C. of the front desk. Throughout all our interactions, he exuded a genuine sense of hospitality,  seeming to truly care where we went, what we did, and that we enjoyed our stay, with his attention, questions, and tips that were more than practiced pleasantries. See, a hotel as big as the Sheraton can seem impersonal, not always a bad thing to me. But Brian C's warmth and kindness made our stay memorable. \n\nThe room we given by Brian was spectacular, on the 38th floor and with incredible views of the city, and particularly City Hall. This floor is the place to be if you want to witness New Year's festivities, or Canada Day celebrations from the comfort of your hotel room. Ask for a  room facing City Hall and  your nights will be magical. If you are proposing to your honey, get a room on a high floor!  I think some Yelpers unfairly compared this Sheraton to a Fairmont. It's a different class. Yes, the furniture was more classic and not trendy and showed some minor use here and there, but the supremely comfortable beds made us regret slightly having to rise and be out and about in the morning, and forget a nick or two in the bathroom tiles(which you can be fussy about if you are staying in a Four Seasons at a much higher room rate). There was a handy mini fridge(apparently not in every room) and of course the standard coffee machine, all discretely hidden in drawers and cabinets. This, by the way, made for no drawer space. Perhaps a minor complaint might be limited counter space, that would be helped by a coat hook or two or a small corner table. I'd take the mini fridge over drawers I barely use anyway. This was the Sheraton, obviously catering to a large business crowd, and with functional, and absolutely clean rooms. We were thrilled by ours.\n\nWe were fortunate enough to access the Club Lounge, another place for stunning city vistas. We didn't understand the complaints on the food. For breakfast, the assortment was generous, an all you can eat buffet that varied from eggs and sausage to bacon to dollar pancakes to cold cereals to croissants and danish to fresh fruit to muesli. There was something to please anyone. The hot staples did change, though hard boiled eggs and scrambled eggs were always on the menu. I didn't expect croissants on the level of Arcade Bakery in New York(which you couldn't get even in a Ritz--Arcade is that special), but we got a solid breakfast for two days. We were hard pressed to abandon the coffee machine, a fun contraption that churned out lattes, cappuccinos, café mochas that were surprisingly quite delicious. There was brewed coffee on the side, Tazo teas, orange juice and cider ,and Dasani bottles in a mini fridge. For cocktail hour, they had hor d'oevres such as chicken satay skewers, a plentiful cheese platter, mini quiche and vegetables and dip. If you are loading up, like one lady who ate five platefuls, and skewer after skewer of chicken, please remember to tip the workers even if you don't fill out the client satisfaction card  that most of us wouldn't even read!  I can't imagine they get many tips from people who don't buy the alcoholic drinks.\n\nI loved the layout of the pool here, half inside and half outside, heated slightly to ward off those northern chills. It was apparently the largest pool in the city of Toronto, big enough to do laps in.  The night I went it was raining, so a dip was forgone.  The workout room was clean, staffed by a cheerful lifeguard(Val?) on the night I went, who was kind enough to show me the newest \"hottest\" rotating staircase exerciser. Get on it drunk and risk having the fate of Eugene Tooms of X-Files, is my warning to you all. This property had  a swimsuit spinner in the changing room, though at the end of the day, guests seemed to prefer just leaving their wet swimsuits hanging from lockers(don't know what that's all about!).\n\nLocation is a key reason to stay here, aside from good service(outstanding if you get Brian!), as this area is so convenient to the Metro and many areas in Toronto(Entertainment District, Downtown Core, Chinatown, Harbor front etc.). I checked out the meeting area, and they have many big conference rooms here. If you enjoy trying out local restaurants, this is a better location than a harbor side hotel. If you are a chocoholic, look no further. The Sheraton has a fine chocolate cake! We left no crumb uneaten! This hotel is connected to the Path; you just go two levels below and you are buffered from inclement weather. The lobby is huge, giving the sense that you are entering a grand ballroom. Feeling overwhelmed? Take yourself out to the waterfall area. just right behind the lobby and clearly visible from the glass window, and chill with a drink or just listen to the flowing water. Our only regret when we left was not staying longer here.