I really wanted to give this place at least a 4 but too many factors limited that from happening. \n\nFirst off the staff are awesome so friendly and so helpful. My husband took me here saying it was better than the boyz. I doubted this very much but was eager to see if it was possible. I ordered the tequila chicken crispy. Hubs had the buffalo chicken. The vast amount of toppings was impressive. Two things that struck me... the noodles and the tortilla chips.. intrigued I told em to go ahead and put everything on. \n\nTook a while for the burritos to be ready but we were in no rush. All good. \n\nThe thing was massive and as heavy as a brick. \nFirst impressions... my tastebuds were confused. \nAnd just as I was taking this first bite this scary looking man walks in and litterally it becomes tense in the space. I become too focused on whether he's an armed gunman and were all going to die with burritos in our hands. We cant focus on anything but the conversation between the terrified burrito maker and this frightening creepy man. Finally he leaves and we can all breathe again. \n\nI wish I could have enjoyed my burrito instead of thinking of exit strategies and what my last possible moments  on this world would be like. I have to commend the dude behind the counter for keeping his cool and loading the dudes burrito up with everything. Because of his bravery and impeccible burrito making skills we all lived. \n\nFrom what I remember of the burrito... I left very full. My husband had to help me finish it. I also did not enjoy the noodles in my burrito.  I felt like I was eating chinese food in a wrap. I also didn't care much for the chips as they had become soggy and not crunchy. What I did like was the tequila lime chicken and how much chicken they stuffed in there and the awesome crunch.  If it wasn't fried and instead just grilled I would not have enjoyed it. \n\nWe also had the Mexican soda which was meh. Im not a big soda girl. Overall this was good but I likely wont return to this location out of fear for my safety.  And next time no noodles.