Craving some hearty Japanese ramen, the then Big F called Togoshi Ramen as a place he had visited before.  Since his last visit, the decor has changed and looks a bit more updated as he said.\n\nThe menu is pretty simple, with ramen being their most popular, a few rice dishes, appetizer plates, and some other entrees.  A few other menu items are posted on the walls.\n\nI got the Curry Rice \"curry sauce with vegetables and beef over rice\" for $7.95, which came with miso soup and a side salad.  The soup and salad arrived first, the soup was heavy with seaweed while the salad was shredded cabbage with a tangy vinaigrette.  When my curry rice arrived, I looked at my meal with disappointment.  It was an average amount, and the vegetables were only carrots and onions.  On top of the rice there was pickled ginger.  As I started to scoop out the sauce and rice onto another plate, I noticed there was no beef present.  I swam my spoon throughout the sauce and there was no beef to be found!  I double checked the menu to be sure it said beef and it did, so I waved the waiter over.  I asked if there was supposed to be beef in my dish and he nodded, and apologized and headed to the cook.  When he returned, I was afraid to see what he held in the small soy sauce dish.  Four pieces of cubed beef in curry sauce was what he placed in front of me, and that was just very sad indeed.  Sad for the beef being completely absent in my dish, and sad because of the sorry four pieces of beef cubes he then gave me.  In regards to taste, the curry sauce was fine, nothing special and not worth the price.\n\nThe Big F ordered the Cha-Shu Ramen \"soy based soup with EXTRA roasted pork\" for $9.25.  He was very hungry and the bowl presented in front of him was smaller than what we both had in mind.  He then remembered why he hadn't been back.  He was disappointed the last time and he was disappointed again. We probably could have gone to Yokohama Kaigenro and gotten more for our buck.  There were about four to six pieces of sliced pork in his dish, and I wasn't so sure about what made it so 'extra'.  \n\nOverall, we left hungry.  We finished our dinner and was disappointed with the quantity and quality of the food.  Sorry, Togoshi didn't do it for us and you won't see us back here again.\n\n(Pics posted!)