This is my favorite Japanese restaurant in the United States. I've been going there since it opened -- I grew up at Shuhei and I've been a very loyal customer for more than two decades. Every special occasion was enjoyed at Shuhei. They even catered my wedding. So, I can't say enough good things about the food and the service.\n\nUnfortunately, I have to give it only three stars for something that is extremely upsetting to my family:\n\nOver the past couple years I've noticed that the male host who greets us when we walk in (owner\/manager) is always very irritated by the presence of children. Whether it's my own kids or my friends' kids, he acts very put out when we show up with them. \n\nWe aren't parents who let our child run wild in a restaurant. We sit at our table, bring small activities to keep them busy, stay as quiet as any other table and clean up after ourselves. We're usually done eating and out the door in less than an hour. We tip at least 25% and usually closer to 30% simply to show them we appreciate their food and great service. Therefore, I don't understand why he should be irritated when we bring in our kids. No one else in the restaurant ever seems to mind our presence -- this includes customers, the female hostess (owner?) and waitresses. But, it always seems like we've done something to upset him from the moment he sees our children are with us and it's uncomfortable and frustrating. When we go without our children it's a different experience.\n\nI understand if someone's children are causing a scene -- making a mess, making too much noise, being unruly, etc... But that's not our family. Perhaps, he's had a bad experience with other people and their children, and I certainly empathize with that. But, so long as our kids are behaving themselves, then we just ask that we receive the same treatment as customers without kids.\n\nAnyway, it breaks my heart to mention it because I truly LOVE Shuhei, but it's been going on for more than a year and we don't want to stop going to a place we love simply because we have kids. And as I said, the food and the service in general are phenomenal.