This will be our last season at this studio!!\nHere are a few of many reasons.\nFilthy studio i meandust everywhere, chairs )if you can get one) are beyond gross.\nGirls restroom is disgusting every week!\nThis place is just fowl!!!\n\nThe front desk staff act like any question or concern brought to their  attention is a bother.\nThey would rather eat their bag of chips than anwser the questions of concerned parents.\n\nNow lets talk about the area for parents. My child attends a weekday class so its not as busy as the weekends but there is inadequate seating none the less. The studio is hot and stuffy, no room to move around. They have 1 tv that you can watch your children from but again limited seating so good luck seeing what your child is learning. The teachers keep the curtains  closed so you cant observe.\n Yea they have tons of trophys,  they display them on cheap shelves that look like at any moment they will fall on someone. Just a cheap, dirty place!\n\nSo here is a studio that charges 50-55 bucks a month  per class and they  cant afford to add another tv to the hole in the wall hallway that connect to the  yogurt shop!\nNow I am certain they  dont care about the regular  classes,kids or parents as it  seems like all their focus is on the competition areas. Which in my opinion is a dis service to all the kids who arent in those programs. \n\nOkay so if you have read this and still decide to enroll here make sure you do not subject your kids to Lori Marshburn she is honestly the rudest woman i have ever had the disadvantage  of meeting. I have witnessed her speak horribly to the  kids and parents! She is brash and conceited!!!  When I approached her about it she simply said \"this is my method if you dont like it there are other classes\".\nWow couldnt believe that and when I complained to the staff they were no help and said she is tough! \nBeing tough  is one thing being a total monster is another!\nTheir are far better studios to check out! They may be 5-10 bucks more expensive, but i can promise the extra money is worth not having to deal with these self righteous people. Oh and good luck ever trying to get the studio's manager to get back with you. She is far too busy in the studio a few spaces down to even notice, or maybe she just doesnt care!\nThis isnt a real studio like the above reviewer said its a business trying to be one.\nOver all grade is an F\nAnd the the only reason i am not removing my child right now is because i already paid for the costume for their june recital, which is by the way hideous and over priced!\nGood luck you have been warned everything i am saying is no exaggeration! Do your research.