This place has got soul! Too cheesy? It's okay just keep reading it gets better I promise. I just had to! Originally this was going to be a 5 star review but after a prompt return visit the hostess's bitchiness and ineptitude caused me to take away a star. More on that later. Buckle up kids this is going to be a long review.\n\nI probably have to give Soul the award for some of the most creative and tastiest cuisine I've ever had in Charlotte. Yes it's that good. Even when you order something that sounds fairly normal, they managed to give it a creative twist. I'm so appreciative of that! The interior is very small, crowded and very loud. So be prepared for a long wait sometimes, especially since they don't take reservations. But the staff is nice without being over the top, and water refills are kept up. I especially like that they serve it with cucumber instead of the usual lemon. I never like the taste of lemon in water, but I do love the flavor a slice of cucumber can infuse!\n\nMy first trip here I went with tuna sashimi tacos, an amazing duck confit pasta topped with crispy sweetbreads and foie gras, and grilled toast topped with wild mushrooms and a fried egg with a Dijon vinaigrette. Finished with last but not least goat cheese ice cream. This meal contained probably some of the best things I've ever eaten anywhere in Charlotte. \n\nLets start with the tuna tacos, I've had something similar to this dish while I was in Cali, it was a deconstructed fish taco and so I was excited to find it here! It did not disappoint at all! The guacamole was flavorful and added dimension and fattiness to the tuna while the fried wonton wrapper gave it a lovely crunch, yum.\n\nNext up came the duck confit pasta, now if the last dish was awesome this would qualify as a masterpiece. The duck confit paired with the delivered such amazing flavors that this dish could have easily fit into a high class restaurant. The foie gras' earthiness and richness complemented the pasta and gave it amazing depth of flavor, while the crispy sweetbreads brought the whole dish together some much needed texture. This dish is best eaten in small amounts though because it had such a rich, luxurious mouthfeel I felt quite sated after finishing half of the plate.\n\nThe last savory course of the evening was grilled wild mushrooms with a dijon vinaigrette over charred toast and topped with a fried egg. I wasn't even going to get this dish because I was quite full but I saw the table next to us get it and I had to have it. I thought this dish was the most balanced of the night with complex flavors and textures melding together in glorious harmony. Just get the thing and you'll be singing it's praises too.\n\nFeeling like an overstuffed plush at this point, I decided to go all in and order the goat cheese ice cream. You could taste the grassiness of the goat cheese and the ice cream felt surprisingly low fat which surprised me. I think I'd prefer it if the flavor kicked me in the face next time like *WHAM* that's goat cheese alright! and maybe make the ice cream a bit more decadent? I just feel like you want to go all out for dessert and this let me down a bit.\n\nThe music here is very very very loud. I couldn't hear what my dining partner about a foot away was saying, I almost contemplated just texting each other across the table. The hostess the first time was perfectly nice, but my second time was so rude, unfriendly, and nasty that I just took my business elsewhere. For such excellent food though I'll brave all these missteps and take my chances.