I've been here 4 times now. What keeps bringing me back? The food. The first time we ordered one of their signature appetizers, the pepperoni cheese bites. They were wayyyy over done. The next 3 times we went we got pizza and the charred and fried wings. I must say these menu items are on point.\n\nSo why only 2 stars? Well... Each time we've gone in it has been pretty quiet. Maybe 4-8 other people total in the whole place, and this place is huge. There's a dining area, a bar dining area, the bar, a pool table area, music area and so on. Usually we sit at the bar to get the happy hour specials, which are great btw. I've seen at least 3 people working in the kitchen area, 1-2 bartenders, 1-3 hostesses, and 1 dining room server. You would think that considering how few people are actually there ordering food or drinks versus how many employees there are that we would be acknowledged pretty quickly but no, that's not the case.\n\nThe bartenders seem to not care about making tips at all. No conversation happens between the bartenders\/servers and the patrons. Which makes me wonder... Do I look like someone who wouldn't tip well? Because that's not the case at all. In fact I get tips in my own job and know that excellent customer service is what assures a great tip. I also believe in tip karma and tend to overtip bc of this. But I also know when it's necessary to leave a small tip to get the point across. \n\nThe times we've gone in late the staff seems even more annoyed than ever. They can't be bothered to bring my drink over to the pool table or ask me how I am doing. It's as if I don't exist if I show up after 9pm. I did notice they start setting up for some sort of after hours joint. I think they focus more on what they will make then, instead of ensuring ALL customers enjoy their experience at Sauce no matter what the hour. I shouldn't have to move out of the way while playing pool because you feel the need to adjust the tables and put the VIP rope over an inch another 3x. I feel like I am ushered out of the door quicker than I can finish a beer so they can bring in their \"VIP\" for the night. Speaking of which... Is it really necessary to have to block out all your front parking spots at 7pm when your after hours doesn't start til midnight??\n\nWhile we were playing pool the short haired blonde server was stirring up all kinds of drama literally right in front of us. She was using all sorts of cuss words and everything. I cuss like a sailor, but when you are on the job I suggest you watch the way you're talking around your clientele. She called someone a \"wh*re\"... Also I walked into the bathroom only to find her and one of the other employees in a locked stall together. It was really uncomfortable and to top it off they were talking crap about another employee. After they realized someone else walked in they hurried out of the bathroom and didn't wash their hands. Even if you aren't handling the food directly you should be washing your hands!!! I have no idea why they would need to be in a locked stall together with an empty bar like that... But it was peculiar to say the least. Bad taste and so awkward.\n\nSo to sum this all up... The food is on point usually.. But the service leaves something to be desired. I wish it wasn't so bad because I live so close and they do have a comedy night and live music but I have yet to show up to those because of the employees bad attitudes and behavior. I only hope the owner gives a crap about this place so we can see it get better instead of closing down like all of the other places that have before them.