Jelly Modern Dougnuts is a doughnut shoppe that offers new and innovative ways of making your beloved doughnut flavours, while keeping it simple. They also introduced the maple bacon doughnut flavour to Calgary and they were featured multiple times on the Food Network. So I'm pretty sure they have the art of doughnut making down pat. \n\nThe doughnut itself is super chewy and moist. And their many doughnut glazes are not overpowering at all, which when combined make a heavenly pairing. My favourite flavours are their lemon curd, maple bacon, vanilla, and salted caramel. I also need to mention that their savoury sandwiches are great as well. They use their mini doughnut bread as the base of their sandwiches, which work perfectly with all the savoury components of the sandwich. \n\nThe reasons why I didn't give Jelly 5 stars, even though I really enjoy their doughnuts, are their price point and consistency. I find that they are quite pricey for what they are. The consistency with their doughnuts are sometimes a hit-and-miss. The last time I ordered a green tea doughnut I couldn't taste the green tea at all and instead it tasted lemony. On one occasion I ordered multiple maple bacon doughnuts and found that some of them had barely any bacon on top and some of them had no bacon glaze on them. Also, when I bought some doughnuts an hour before closing, some of the doughnuts were a lil bit on the dry side. I understand Jelly is quite busy, between making their catering orders and store orders so I can see why mistakes like this could sometimes happen.\n\nService is not bad, usually they have 1 or 2 people at the front taking orders. The store itself is quite busy so regardless of how many people are working it takes time to get through the line-up. \n\nThe store atmosphere is modern, bright, and cute. I enjoy walking into Jelly and smelling all the tasty baking and glazing coming from the back of the store.\n\nOverall, Jelly is great and I definitely recommend their mini doughnuts so you can taste more flavours without getting fully too quickly. Or just grab the full size doughnuts and just stuff yourself!