I had a great night at Rose. Rabbit. Lie.  We went to the 8 pm show.  It was an artsy version of Absinthe.  It had a nice mix of acrobatics, humor and oddball comedy.  It is better than Absinthe in the following ways: 1) The seats fit my fat ass.  I felt like I was being tortured squeezing in those Absinthe seats; 2) You can get up and go to one of two bars at the show venue any time you like.  Skoll!; 3) The decor makes you feel like you are at a high class joint whereas Absinthe makes you feel like you are at an Eastern European circus.  The same people produce both shows btw.\n\nWe then headed to find grub.  It was a bit confusing.  Since you can eat in any one of the 4 other rooms, we didn't know where to head after the show.  With some consultation, we were lead back to the front of the house to see the hostess.  They were very cordial and sat us next to the stage in one of the rooms.  There were many small acts that happened everywhere all the time: on top of the piano, on the bar, at our table, in all the rooms.  You really get your bang for the buck when it comes to entertainment.  Not a dull moment in sight.  There was a definite cabaret feel in the air.  The decor is Cosmopolitan  modern.  Fits right in with the hotel.  \n\nI can see a lot of repeat value here.  You can try out the different dining room\/bars.  They all are meant to have a different vibe.  You can just come for the show.  You can just come to have dinner.  You can just come and have cocktails.  You can go to the nightclub.  \n\nYou gotta be impressed with a menu that is wax sealed.  It means you get a different menu every night, no?  Our nice waiter, Patrick, gave us all the menus as souvenirs.  \n\nWe ordered the heavenly egg with truffles.  It was a very small portion but tasty.  I ordered the lobster and was disappointed because it was way too salty.  The flatbread was tasty.  It reminded me of the pizza with the egg on it from Due Forni.  \n\nThe desserts were outstanding.  I haven't seen Oeufs a la neige on a menu since I was little.  That dessert was light and airy and not too sweet.  The Pine Nut Mousse was delicious and inventive.  That red beet meringue seems molecular gastronomy freeze dried to me.  Went really well with the poached pear's sweetness.  The Mousse is not what you'd expect.  It is more like a sponge with gingerbread crumbs on the bottom.  The chocolate pudding looked like an egg in a nest.  The caramel ice cream is the egg.  The nest is dehydrated chocolate mousse.  So fun to eat.  We also got extra desserts that were visual and tasty feasts.\n\nI have to add a note about the flat wear and service pieces because I love restaurants that work on the little things.  Love the little rabbit fork holders, the printed patterns on the silverwear, the french press set, the cups etc.  It all just fits the Cosmo's flair.  \n\nWe felt very pampered and had fun.  Will be back for opening night.