Here's the skinny people- I will never even think about staying anywhere else when i am in Vegas (permitting they let me back in this hotel). \n\nI recently went to Vegas with seventeen people. There were fifteen staying at the Venetian twelve of them in three other adjoining rooms and me and my friend Sean in our own room down the hall. It was a very special young lady's twenty first birthday so needless to say we were partying like no tomorrow. \n\nUpon checking in i slipped Melissa (concierge\/check in girl) a twenty dollar bill and asked for a room near my friends with a nice view where we would not disturb anyone. We were placed at the end of the hall on the ninth floor looking out over the pool and the strip...ridiculous.\n\nOnce we settled in we called room service for extra ashtrays and glassware...no problem, how many would you like?? The VIP concierge (cowboy) got us all hooked up no line no cover at Tao (that's a huge group), Tao Beach club rocked out, once again show your room key and your in. If your a drunken slob like me and bring your glass down to the pool all loaded up with your favorite beverage do not fret... the super excited to help you, hot girls working the towel mansion will be happy to take your glass and turn it into plastic...full of your original tasty beverage.\n\nIt seems like every single review I read on the Venetian is like \"O MY GOD I AM SO DUMB THAT I CANT EVEN FIND MY WAY AROUND THIS PLACE CUZ ITS SO BIG\" Cmon...really? that's it? your big complaint? Well my only complaint is the Venetian is full of girls and guys too stupid to either \na) read a sign\nb)ask directions\nor c) remember where your room is(i know this is really hard, but if i can do it it full of drugs, saturated in alcohol with eight grams of pheromones spread across my upper lip...i think most of you stand a chance).\n\nSo all in all I cannot wait to go back. I really am thinking about doing it again within the next month....my poor credit card is about to go on strike!!!