My co-workers mom owns a suite at the MGM Signature towers so we decided to check out this pool. In true \"Hollyweirdo\" form, there's a line to get in and they card you so don't forget to stick your ID in your speedo strap so you don't have to walk two miles back to the room to get it like me. There's a cover charge on the weekend if you aren't a guest\/owner of the hotel so luckily we didn't have to pay ($10 girls, $20 guys).\n\nBe prepared for a ridiculous wait unless you are a promoter of some sort or a local who knows someone who works the door. I really, really, hate waiting in lines to get into the \"hot\" spots of the moment, so I took the time to analyze and ridicule those who were working the door. The men wear these baby pink Lacoste polo shirts with the collar popped (so not cool) and white shorts; they have robotic expressions and  a snail like sense of urgency in their efforts to move people through the line as efficiently as possible. There was a short girl with jugs as big as her head along with other severe looking attributes walking to and fro, also not helping much to get people out of the heat and into the pool. My blood continued to boil, not just from the triple digit heat, but also when they requested that all of us in line scoot over to let a magazine promoter and 20+ of his underage looking posse of girls wearing the magazine logo on their tank tops in before us. There were better looking (and of age) people who were waiting in line long before these f***kers; rest assured I don't think any of us in line recall the name of the magazine, nor will we ever have the desire to after that debaucle! :)\n\nLame thing #2  is that you have to pay for a lounge chair-they quoted us (4 girls) something like $175! N!?#a puhlease, unless those chairs have human hands attached to them that massage you and apply sunscreen to your back I would never be the idiot who pays that laughable fee.\n\nAnyway, when we finally got in I was like, \"THIS is what the hype is all about?\"  It's a decent place to chill but by no means is the pool anything spectacular or awe inspiring. \n\nThere's a main pool with a shallow area that houses cool green chairs, which are miraculously free to use if it isn't taken. The pool is all but 4 feet deep-strictly standing room only, so don't worry if you can't swim unless you're 3' tall, and there is a small pool set up for volleyball. Then there's a few narrow wading pools to one side.\n\nA full bar and shaded patio area w\/ tables (reserved) overlooks the main pool area. A DJ booth is also posted up here and the one who was spinning was really good-it was perfect summer\/poolside music, not just the same ol' shit top 20, so having a live dj was a nice touch.\n\nThe bartenders are very nice, the waitresses have the cutest outfits-classy and stylish and they're pretty girls, not the type you'd expect them to have: the typical over done so L.A. Type, which the waitresses are not. The bathrooms are surprisingly clean throughout the day. A tip for the ladies - if you think you're about to get your monthly visitor remember to bring some back up - a poor girl I ran into in the bathroom was desperately searching out some *ahem..feminine products to no avail..and of course no one around had one available, nor do they sell them in the restrooms in those little machines.\n\nThis pool attracts the pretentious, try too hard, super sized breast implants, hair, and overbaked, scarily thin set..complete with high heels that are totally impractical, if not a hazard when worn poolside. Trust me I'm not a hater, I know beauty and the aforementioned is not! There are posers, scenesters, and wannabes galore. \n\nThen you have some out of towners totally in awe as though this is what real life is like (well, maybe if real life is a music video) and thankfully, there are a good amount of regular people who get a lot of interesting\/twisted people watching time in. It's a circus in there, but a different pool experience. \n\nGood to go just once because the appeal wears out quick. There are cooler pools elsewhere I'm sure, I guess since it's newly opened there's a lot of promotion to build it up so people think it's something special even if it's not. \n\nIf you do check it out and it turns out to be too much of a headache to get in, don't waste your time or $. Just mosey on over to the several pools outside of the walls, such as the lazy river. There, you can use the lounge chairs FREE of charge, no cover or line to gain access (the way it should be), free towel service, and even a little bit of shade! You can even hear the music from wet republic if you lounge at the pool right outside of it. The same, if not a better bet!