This place has a great concept but I give it 1.5 years and I am being generous with the .5 extra. The decor is fun, the pool room is great, the game room can go to the way side, the bowling is great, the dance floor and the music was just ok. The GO GO boys were not all that and had no sense of beat. \n\nWhat is going to shut this place down is the service, well the LACK OF. I went Friday night and I ordered a Bacardi and Diet. I got my drink and it was like drinking gasoline. I told the waitress that this was not Bacardi and she proceeded to argue with me. I gave my friend a drink and I told her to watch his face. He took a drink and gave the big sour face I knew he would. The waitress went to the bar then came back with her little Ipad and told me that the bar does not carrie regular Bacardi. WHAT GAY BAR DOES NOT CARRIE BACARDI? She told me that is it was Bacardi 151. I told her to take it back because it was way too strong. We were close to the bar. When she took it back to the bartender, he started yelling at the waitress and said he would not exchange it out. She came back told me and then said she would get a manager. The manager came out, went to the bar, talked to the bartender and had him fix the drink. I got my drink with Well Rum. I called the manager over and told him there did not need to be that much drama over a drink and that the bartender yelling at the waitress was unacceptable. All the manager had to say was, \"Well they don't get paid to be smart\". Wow, that is thinking highly of your staff. The manager came over later and gave me three free drink tickets. \n\nDrag Queens in a place like this should be OVER THE TOP FUN! These drag queens all looked miserable and when it was time to do their group lip sync (about every hr or so). None new any of the words to the songs. \n\nAnother friend called me last night (Tuesday May 15th) and asked me to meet him there, I said no but then he talked me into it. I figured I would use my free drink ticket.  I went to use my free drink ticket and because I ordered a call brand. I had to pay $3.00 along with my ticket. WTF. A free drink ticket that was not so free. LOL. OMG. I guess I did save $6.00 since the drink is $9.00 by itself. \n\nSame miserable drag queens and same bad lip sync. Me and my friends (6 of us) vowed to never go back again. \n\nIT ALL COMES DOWN TO SERVICE THAT MAKES A PLACE SUCCESSFUL!