After having visited drybar in NYC for a friend's bachelorette over the summer, I was looking for a place to get an updo for a wedding. I found and booked a 12:00 appointment at blo, which was conveniently located near The Four Seasons where we were staying. I arrived at my appointment early and was seated right away. While I was offered a magazine to look at, it would have been nice for someone to offer a beverage (water, tea, whatever). I was greeted warmly by my stylist and I showed her a picture of exactly what I wanted my hair to look like. She completed my updo in a timely manner, but there were several issues that I had throughout the experience --\n\n1. I had to ask several times for her to smooth out the flyaways on my hair (with spray or anything that wouldn't make it look frizzy from the teasing that she did to it). \n\n2. In my conversation with my stylist, I learned that she has never attended hair school and her passion is for makeup. Now, I am well aware that you don't need a certificate to do an exceptional job on an updo, but if I am paying close to $90 for my hair after taxes and tip, I want an experienced stylist. Period. Which could be why my hair looked like a hot mess when she was finished. The chairs were cheap and uncomfortable; they weren't able to spin like most chairs at salons so I literally had to stand and hold the mirror to see the back of my hair, which I couldn't see very well. \n\nUpon arriving back at my hotel as I was ready to leave for the wedding ceremony, I noticed that my hair was not, in fact, neatly pinned and done and that pieces were falling out everywhere. I called immediately to request that someone redo my hair between the ceremony and reception. The receptionist was apologetic and courteous, but mistakes like this should not happen at an established business such as this. \n\nI had to head back to blo after the ceremony and the gentleman that did my hair did a great job. I wish I had been assigned to him in the first place, as returning after the ceremony took time away from the things that I wanted to accomplish in the few hours that I had to kill because I needed to get my hair fixed. \n\nI would look elsewhere before booking at blo again. It certainly did not \"blo\" me away.