First off, I still don't know how to pronounce the name of the restaurant. Sadly, none of the workers said the name of the restaurant while we dined and I was too embarrassed to ask. The world may never know. \n\nI've been kind of bored and uninspired by the dining options at Downtown Summerlin as of late, since a lot of them fall in the 3 star or below category. Although I've heard great things about Andiron, it took me a while to make my way here. Luckily, a friend chose this place for her birthday brunch and WOW, their Sunday brunch is amazing. I highly recommend this place for a special event - the space itself is lofty, beautifully decorated and bright. Their floral motif that carries over onto their menu, plates, and wallpaper is tastefully done. \n\nThe brunch menu was impressive - a variety of savory and sweet dishes and for your inner child, there's a treat yo' self dessert bar. When I went it was filled with Lollipops, Smarties, Spree, Gummies, Fruit Loop marshmall treats, to-die-for ginger snaps and brownies. Going in a big group has its perks! Our large group decided to share a bunch of apps and entrees so I got to taste a bit of everything, and none of the dishes disappointed. My main entree was the short rib hash and the meat was very tender and tasty. My husband has never had a Bloody Mary, but their DIY all-you-can-drink Bloody Mary bar converted him. Fellow Yelper Regina I. was a Bloody Mary genius and was able to concoct some phenomenal combinations using the plethora of alcohol, hot sauces, and garnishes that were available. They also have bottomless mimosas, with more juice combinations aside from OJ and champagne. \n\nAs great as the food was and the service of the bartenders, hostesses, bartenders, DJ, etc., our dedicated server fell short and ruined the experience a bit for the birthday girl and the other guests who had service industry experience. I wasn't particularly upset since the atmosphere was fun. I had my back to the restaurant so I didn't see the goings on of everything, but other members of our party were commenting on the disorganized nature of the table service and how our server was handling tables far away from our table, which may have contributed to the lack of service. The rest of the table did get their alcoholic drinks way before me, but my non-alcoholic drink was forgotten and even when I reminded our server, she took awhile getting it. My entree was entered in wrong, so I had to wait bit longer as well (I was really trying to look on the positive side of things *cue Tyra Banks \"I was rooting for you\"  gif). Due to a lack of carafes, the grapefruit mimosa on one  side of the table was served in a large wine glass instead. Later on in the brunch, it was never replaced with a carafe, and when our server tried to pour a glass with it, spilled some on the birthday girl and another guest. I'm sure our server was just having a bad day, the experience wouldn't deter me from coming back here and confirming how to pronounce \"Andiron\" correctly.\n\nPro Tip - don't use valet - you'll stuff yourself crazy with their delicious treats that you'll want\/need to walk to your car after.