Hidden under a residential building next to the bright yellow doors of neighbouring Westlodge, Patria holds true to the saying 'good things are hard to find'.  In fact if you aren't paying attention while walking along King, you just might miss it!  Upon entry into the restaurant it doesn't take one long to realize that Patria is truly a hidden gem.  From the marble bar, beautiful gold framed paintings in the lounge, to the cross-stitch art installation on the wall by the stairs - it seems that every detail was considered in its creation, as the restaurant is absolutely stunning!\n\nThe restaurant and bar area exude a vibrant ambiance, as the place is always lively. I definitely recommend making reservations in advance, in order to avoid any dissapointment, as I truly believe that Patria is a must try for everyone in this city!\n\nPatria is a modern take on traditional spanish tapas.  As the restaurant encourages the sharing of dishes...as it is a tapas restaurant after all....our party dined on the 'paella del Patria' (made with langostine, shrimp, mussels, cuttlefish, monkfish, snap peas), 'chorizo', 'D.O. Murcia al vino' ('drunken goat cheese' immersed and aged for 75 days in local Murcian wine), 'croquetas jamon (ham croquettes with aioli)', 'ensalada de alcachofas' (salad with shaved fennel, radish, manchego, and artichokes), 'ensalada de aguacate' (salad made with butter lettuce, avocado, goat cheese, and quince dressing), 'calamares frito', and 'churros' (with dulce de lechee) for dessert.  I have to say that the food was all well presented and extremely flavourful!  There was also a wide selection of Spanish wines to accompany its savoury menu - we went with the Emina Rosado and were not disappointed in the least! \n\nTo top it all off, the service was excellent as the staff were all very friendly, fun, and extremely knowledgeable.  It is beyond doubt that the staff really take pride in the restaurant and in what they do.  We had the pleasure of being served by Natasha - she knew the menu inside and out and her recommendations were spot on!  \n\nPatria is definitely a restaurant worth returning to, and I absolutely encourage you to try it for yourselves!