I really had high hopes for this place but it missed my expectations. The atmosphere is intimate, and not for you and your partner but for you, your partner and whoever is in the table next to you, IT SO CRAMMED. They seated us in a small two top hardly large enough fit a plate....we quickly moved to a 4 top with still little to no room. We got the calamari by recommendation. My hubby loved the peppers and calamari. I thought the calamari inside was cooked perfectly but the outside was mushy, it was OK. I couldnt decide what I wanted so I panicked and got crab cakes. My love got the delmonico and frites it was 44$ meal. Salad with house dressing way too sour he didn't finish his. My Caesar salad wasn't great. Our entrees came out and I took two bites of my crab cakes and quickly started to feel ill hubby shared his steak with me which they raved about its \"genetically\" mutated  value. Bullshit. I had better delmonico at Wal-Mart, the truffle frites were pretty much cut up raw potatoes covered in oil with crusty cheese they sucked, I was embarrassed I even recommend he get them, way better at burgatory. My crab cakes I ended up giving to my other half along with my cold spinach. Did I mention our food sat under a heat lamp for a long time? How do I know this? Well the lemon served with my meal was hot and seared they plated it way to early. Guh I wasted a beautiful night out wishing we spent the 130$ at the casino. Also I would like to add however the wait staff young nice and kind just not up to par for \"fine\" dining. Id say one word \"wannabes\" Also it a whole day later and both he and I still feeling ill most likely crab cake related.\n\nOh fun fact they brought out olives at first with \"cheese\" hahaha my love ate the butter wedge so  quickly honest mistake he thought it was cheese. I was mad he didn't share the \"cheese.\" so he asked for another piece the waiter was so baffled he went to ask the bus boy what was on the plate. He came back quickly with another wedge of butter lol. My hubby ate the butter lol was the funniest thing ever lol. This is why Im doing the reviews and not him he doesn't know the difference between butter and cheese LOL.