Unbelievable experience, come here for pure ENTERTAINMENT value and not for food value.\nFirst night at this location and it was SO poorly staffed to the next level. 5 Stars for ridiculousness and 0 stars for food value and service.\n\nOnly two people working the location on a dead Tuesday night. One server at the bar and one cook in the kitchen. Service? What service!? It wasn't even busy but the wings took over 1 hour to be served!!! Huge management problem!!!\n\nLong story short a huge freaking fight broke out, my group of friends feared for their lives, we ducked in the corner of the room and expected bottles to fly or at least some shots fired in our direction, it got GHETTO pretty quick. It all started when a group of hoodlums complained about the slow service after not receiving their food for over an hour. Quote \"Even Mcdonald's is faster than this place!\" Server responds, \"THEN GO THERE INSTEAD!\" And load and behold, an argument ensued, it started getting physical fast and people got out their seats recording it on their cells, eventually the fight was taken outside which was broken up by a drunk guy nonetheless. The man who broke up the fight appeared to be a regular there had gotten a little tipsy, he returned and started drinking more. To our amazement, the upset server kept serving him more drinks until he got past the point of intoxication. He stumbled back inside after having a cig and toppled over several tables and chairs before he crash landed onto my table. The 300 pound man nearly crushed us. The unprofessionalism and poor judgement of the server led to this huge mess. You cannot and should not ever talk back to your own customer's for the poor service that is being provided from your own restaurant!!! She was clearly frustrated and should have taken the rest of the night off by this time because her common sense began to dwindle. The server needs to learn how to properly serve drinks to customer's because she didn't care to pay attention to any signs of intoxication, huge legal liabilities are bound to occur if this goes on.\n\nThis place is desperately in need of new management and retraining of staff ASAP. \nAt the end I felt bad for the server, she was in tears the whole night so I made an extra tip. Would I return again? Not anytime soon until someone decides to read this and hires more competent staff to deal with the current issues.