There's a lot to like about this theatre: easily access to transit and foot traffic, big-name movies, and comfortable seats. Now that we've gotten that out of the way, I can get on to how I really feel.\n\nThis theatre - and, indeed, the ENTIRETY OF THE REST OF THE BUILDING - feels like a colossal afterthought. It's almost as if they laid out the escalators first, and then added other stuff in stages. \"Oh, we need a movie theatre? Done. Wait, it needs to be twice as big? We'll make it two stories. Wait, the Future Shop needs more space? We'll make it U-shaped!\" Ugh. That's to say nothing of the fact that the exterior of the building is a solid wall of gray and advertising. I kinda prefer to take the subway here just so I don't have to look at it.\n\nThen there's the escalators: there are too. Damned. Many. When the place you buy tickets and the place you use them are separated by three stories, you've got issues. I mean, it's not an insurmountable task to do so, but in a universe where not doing it is possible (and, indeed, the norm), why on earth would you do it? The Escalator of Doom at the Scotiabank may be long, steep and have a decor that utterly destroys your ability to perceive angles, but the AMC situation is just tedious.\n\nThe lack of IMAX disturbs me mostly because big-name releases are going to be split between this theatre and the Para... I mean, Scotiabank, which does have IMAX. AMC has already deprived me of IMAX for Star Trek, which I'm not likely to forget soon.\n\nThe concessions are sub-par. Popcorn isn't fresh (ugh), and there are no seasoning salts. As a dude who loves the Salt and Vinegar on his popcorn - enough to choke me is a good starting point - this is highly discouraging. The lack of other foodstuffs I can kind of understand... but the Scotiabank is oh so convenient with an assortment of food (all of it unhealthy, yes) available to take in with you. Largely because of the company I keep and their disdain for \"schedules\", \"dinner then a movie\" rapidly turns into \"dinner at the movie\" so this is somewhat important to me.\n\nI'm told that the theatres are used as Ryerson lecture halls during the day, once again making me glad I decided to eschew a big-city edumacation for a school effectively in the middle of nowhere, in a city precious few people want to be in (McMaster). I don't know what would be worse - falling asleep in the comfortable seat (a hard wooden chair does WONDERS for keeping you awake in class), or that the moviegoing experience would be FOREVER RUINED after taking Thermodynamics in a theatre. Hopefully, at least, they use the building as a living example that while drugs may make for better music, architects and civil engineers should stay well clear.\n\nThe upshot: It's a big theatre. There are better in the area. This likely won't matter much, as if the movie you want is playing here you're probably SOL for seeing it anywhere else close by.