Everything you've ever heard is true -- the cuisine here is legitimately amazing, as is the experience.  I'll try to cover in only a few hundred pages the many, many high points of a wonderful 2 1\/2 hours I spent at the kitchenside counter here.\n\nMenu: so much to try.  Plates can be chosen individually, or as part of three tasting menus, two of which allow choices from various appetizer, entrée, and dessert courses.  \n\nAnd oh my, that food, everything on down to the magnificent breads with the champagne-infused butter. I went for the 4 Menu Choices, which also included a amuse-bouche and a dessert. I'm trying to remember everything I had, as my French is poor to nonexistent and my choices weren't printed on the receipt. but here we go:\n\n- Le Jambon: a simple plateful of thinly sliced Iberian ham accompanied by toasted tomato bread.  I've loved the stuff ever since a Spain visit and what they served was savory wonderfulness even beyond that.  There seemed to be a gentleman whose only job was to shave slices from the cured ham leg.  He was busy all night.  \n\n- Spicy lobster on pasta.  This was the sweetest, smoothest lobster I've ever had.  It was seasoned in a way that added some spicy heat but also brought out the sweet.  The pasta under it was nothing special, but I'm not here for pasta.  \n\n- Wagyu ribeye.  This was a large portion (8-12 ozs, my guess) and surprisingly served as a thin slice.  It tasted nothing like any ribeye I've had elsewhere and was wonderfully tender.  I was embarrassed to be unable to finish it (this was my final course).\n\n- Those Mashed Potatoes.  Joel Robuchon is famous for his simple mashed potatoes.  I now know why.\n\n- The Dishes I Can't Recall The Name Of But Have Pictures.  Something involving scallop and salmon delicately wrapped in thin cucumber with a savory red sauce and fresh greens on top.  Wow.  You know when people occasionally talk about a dish that fires every taste sense -- sweet, salty, bitter, sour, umami? This IS that occasional dish.  The amuse-bouche with a lagoustine foam on it came close too. Yes, pictures.  I'll upload soon.\n\n- Dessert: A thin ring of shiny chocolate with flavored jewels crowned more chocolate that was dusted with fine Oreo crumbs.  Yeah, even after being unable to finish the ribeye I enjoyed this.\n\nThere were a great selection of wines by the glass.  While I'm truly a red-wine guy, we decided that the best to accompany many of these dishes was a wonderful Sancerre.  I did come across a very old Dows port to accompany desert.  \n\nA long counter snaked its way around the kitchen.  There were a few tables along the wall, but I'm not sure why anybody would want to sit there -- you'd be so far away from the action!  The choreography of putting together each dish, the dances among the various chefs yielding each masterpiece -- that's beauty in itself.  The lack of hard angles in the counter afforded some degree of privacy but also allowed for observations, leading to questions, leading to conversations with other diners.  What's that?  Humans interacting and only occasionally focusing on a phone, and only then because it's focused on a plate?  Other restaurants, please take note.  This is the way to eat.\n\nThe wait staff was gracious, kind, and served as patient tour guides.  I felt no discomfort in getting answers to some of my likely mundane and trivial inquiries.  In describing each dish -- in the extra detail I requested -- my server would occasionally get this far-away look in his eye, like he wished he was enjoying it himself (the only other place I've ever seen that was at the Pamplemousse Grill in Del Mar).  \n\nOutside of the customer interactions, they were strictly business, without any of the complaining about the other staff or customers that you'd find at any 'ol bar or lunch counter.\n\nI'd love to be back.  Soon.  I have so much more to taste and learn.  \n\nI was sad, however, to hear that Monsieur Robuchon passed away a couple days after my visit.  In addition to his exceptional talent, he seemed to be a kind soul who, while always in pursuit of perfection, also strove to make haute cuisine accessible to and enjoyable for everyone, including us American rubes.  Sir, wherever you are now, I want you to know that deep in a Vegas casino, you accomplished exactly that.