I used to live about a fifteen minute walk away from the famous Grimaldi's in Brooklyn Heights. It was a little bit of a tourist trap, because everyone knew about it thanks to TV shows, magazines and the \"Best Pizza In America\" award. I went 1 for 5 in my attempts to get in that line down under the Brooklyn Bridge, and the one time I did manage to make it early enough to secure a decent spot, the za was definitely worth the 40 minute wait. \n\nWith that in mind, I was pretty intrigued by the prospect of a Grimaldi's pizza without the 2 hour line at the original location. I think, however, that there are forces at work to keep me and a Grimaldi's pizza apart and they have followed me to Phoenix.\n\nThis place is f*cking hard to find without a GPS. It's hidden in a shopping plaza across from a movie theater with some of the most understated signage ever.\n\nThe service was pleasant enough, and attentive. The antipasti and drinks came to the table right away and I hoped within 15-20 mins our pizza would follow.\n\n20 mins pass. 25. Then 30, then 35. Where the hell is the 'za? People who were seated after I was are being served tasty looking pizzas and I got nothin'. \n\nI noticed that Honey Boo-Boo's family, who were seated a couple tables away from me about ten minutes after I arrived were enjoying a pie that was identical to what I ordered. Shortly after they begin devouring that first pizza, they are presented with another pizza, which is followed by some discussion with their server and what seems to be some sort of apology. As if they had been given the wrong pizza and had begun eating it anyhow. \n\nYeah, they were eating my pizza. The server had goofed something up, and within 2 minutes brought a pizza to my table that was not at all what I had ordered as if she had a clue. \n\nI asked for my check. The server told me the manager was coming to my table but no one ever showed.\n\nShe boxed the pizza up for me (it was mushroom, onion and tomato, not pepperoni as I had ordered, and I'm sorry, but I think putting tomato slices on a pizza that already has tomato sauce is dumb and I am not down to become a vegetarian because you botched my order) and I never did receive a check for it but I did tip her what would have been 20% of the bill.\n\nPoor handling of my case leads me to believe they're all new and learning how to work together, but I can't see coming back to this particular location. Maybe I'll try Scottsdale instead or go to Barro's.\n\nBTW- when it comes to pizza in Brooklyn, it's Carmine's or Lucali hands down over Grimaldi's anyhow.