My one star will be for the fact they were open on Labor Day. Nothing else about this experience was pleasant or even acceptable. I had to track down the bored employee and ask if she could help me by pointing me in the right direction. I get a smileless response of \"depends... What are you looking for?\" I respond that I am looking for a glaze. I have recently gone dark brown (professionally)and my previous color was a mix of various light highlights. I have long hair & they are peeking through the top and I would like a mild glaze to put over them. Her response is \"what do you mean?\" Again, I explain and offer that I have purchased it thru Sally's before.  \"Well then, what's the brand?\" I tell her I am not sure, that it was recommended by an employee there. I told her that is what I'm used to, going in, and having their input as well. She proceeds to tell me there are two types of hair color, I can choose a permanent or a semi permanent. I explained it was not that... I asked where they carried their gloss, glaze,toner,etc.   She looked at me like I was crazy and said if I want it to last a few washes, I can go with the semi. She stands there giving me a blank stare as if to say \"i dont know what you want from me...\" i asked if there was anyone ELse i could speak with to help... She said there is not a product like what im looking for. An older lady behind me said \"I can actually use your help\" and the girl brushes past me to assist her w finding a grey match. Really?? You just ignore your customer because you have never heard of a very basic product? I almost could have stayed to look around and find it for myself but her attitude and look of annoyance kept me from wanting to spend another minute in that store. I would recommend some training in customer service and product knowledge.... I would rather drive the distance to the Sally's on 16th st where they are friendly, helpful and offer lots of product knowledge. It was sad that this was the complete opposite experience.