Mr. W and I have been together since HS and since the beginning of our time together, we found the best way to handle a disagreement was through a fair game of Paper, Rock, Scissors (if either of us were very passionate about the issue the game went best two out of three) Well, here we are some 23 years later and although we've grown to understand not all problems can be settled by PRS, our \"where should we eat?\" Battles are mostly settled this way. \nWhile in Scottsdale, I wanted to try the Monarch and he wanted Wildfish ... I threw scissors he threw a rock. Foiled! \nSo Wildfish it was and what a spectacular dinner we had! \nPerhaps it was the intimate yet open restaurant with its huge wine list and oyster bar, or maybe it was the romantic semi-circular booth we sat at that caused us to be closer together, most likely it was the over-the-top service from our waiter Dave that had us smiling and praising the Wildfish Restaurant. \nFirst let's start with location: Wildfish is located On the Outside of Fashion Square with beautiful outdoor seating and decorative welcoming doors. There is $6 valet parking available but DIRECTLY across valet is a large self parking garage. We parked it and walked. Easy peasy. \nSecond, the hostess stand was double staffed which meant no waiting to be greeted or seated. \nOnce seated our server went straight to the explanation of the menu and the specials. He gave us some space and time to soak it all in and make a decision ... Dave, our server was close enough to hear our convo regarding starters, 1st & 2nd courses and he immediately chimed in ... \" go with the crab-cake! No fillers just pure juicy lumps of crab with an amazing creme sauce\" \nSo, we did and we loved it. Big enough to share and we also shared the creamy lobster and shrimp bisque perfect for dipping your fresh baked table bread in. \nHubby ordered the Hong Kong style Chilean Sea Bass and I the filet mignon done at a perfect medium rare. We kind of shared the main entrees as well but not really lol and the best part of it all was the wine! Yet another recommendation from our server! \nBefore leaving Dave comes out with this oven baked blackberry cobbler topped with vanilla bean ice cream and says, \" from me to you both for being so in love I wanted to puke\" that's just made us die from LOL-ing also written in chocolate \" Happy Anniversary\" for sometime this year he said. Loved it! \nSo if in the Scottsdale area and looking for a steak and seafood joint don't do the common places be wild and try Wildfish! \nA 5 star best we ever had fine dining extravaganza!