It's been at least 10 years since I last ate at Red Lobster, so one spontaneous day last June, I decided to give it another shot. Service was exceptional, however food that day was pretty horrid. I was very hyped up about this restaurant from passing by it on weekends when it was extremely packed - so much so that it was a 45 minute wait! I returned on a weeknight to beat the rush, and sadly, it may be another 10 years before I visit again. \n\nI was tempted by their menus to try the 4-course Seafood Feast for $17.99 special which I thought was a steal. Apparently not, because their food was mediocre and any other generic restaurant could've easily surpassed this. Just because it's a \"special\" doesn't mean it has to be terrible. I rather have less food and it be fantastic than full but it was crappy junk. Fantastic service though, our server was friendly, helpful, and was pretty chirpy. \n\nWe started with the soups\/salads - they tasted alright. Nothing special, a little bit on the saltier side, but no big complaints here. My WTF moment came when I was served my entree - the Garlic Alfredo Shrimp-and-Scallop Pasta. For me, this is a pretty generic dish that is hard to eff up. Guess what? They effed it up. Either a rookie chef cooked my meal, or the quality of food here is not up to par because the spaghetti was extremely sticky and chewy - it would literally clump together in a ball. It felt like chomping on gnocchi because the pasta dough was so tough and nasty... Sauce was not memorable and tasted like a brand from the supermarket. Seafood was small and disappointing.\n\nMy family ordered the Jumbo Coconut and Pineapple-Grilled Shrimp. Looks better in the picture and sounds better than it tasted - I was a little underwhelmed when it came, 'cause I thought their seafood tasted average for a place that boasts about well... their seafood. I was very confused. \n\nIf that wasn't enough, we chose onion rings as our side and they came barely warm and BURNT - like our teeth hurt from crunching on it and there was a slight burnt aftertaste. Come on now - this is like basic deep frying 101. I ended my meal with a key lime pie thinking it would be light and refreshing, but it ended up being one of those overly sweet tarts you get at bakeries. It ain't strawberry shortcake, it's a key lime pie! I brought it home hoping to eat it, but ended up throwing it out without touching it again.\n\nGood service but poor food = not likely to come back.