You know how people go on these awesome quests to discover all the best of certain things, mostly food dishes? For example, finding the best burger, the best pizza or the best taco joint, etc... Well, if you're making that list for Eggs Benedict, I think you may need a pit stop at Restaurant L'avenue in #Montreal.\n\nWe snuck in before a 30 minute wait and grabbed the last table by the door in this ever so hip, yet a bit small restaurant. With only French menus, I did decipher a few things, but our lovely waitress in a hurry let us know that they are known for their Eggs Benedict. \n\nWe ordered up 2 sets of Bennies, his with Montreal smoked meat, swiss, mustard and of course hollandaise and mine with mushrooms, garlic aioli, bacon and hollandaise. They arrived about 15 minutes or so later. Cold. Boo, but silver lining is that they were still some of the best Eggs Benedict I've ever had.That hollandaise sauce was superb. So light and airy, with hints of lemon, but oh so rich and creamy with the perfect consistency. The flavor combo of the mushrooms, bacon and garlic confit was heavenly and oh so different in the best way possible from the rich and salty bites of smoked meat covered in dripping yolk. If it was a tad bit warmer, the dish would have been unquestionably one of the best things I've eaten in a while. \n\nIf this wasn't enough, the dishes were accompanied with perfectly seasoned breakfast potatoes and a skewer of delicious fresh fruit. I was stuffed to the gills by the end of this proper brunch and although Eggs Benedict are quite gluttonous, I didn't feel too heavy or guilty.\n\nSo this leads me to why this review was not five stars. Our service lacked a bit, hence cold food. Not sure if this is a regular thing here, but they were severely understaffed. Granted it was a Monday at 11am and they were slammed, but with only 2 servers for the 50 people seated, I'd imagine that was why our food was cold. Another negative was that the coffee sucked, comparable to dirty diner coffee with the creamer packets on the side.\n\nThe other dishes being served look magnificent and in a foodie city like Montreal, when there's a savage line on a Monday late morning, you know whatever they're serving must be good. \n\nBonus: One of the coolest, if not THE coolest bathrooms ever. Worth the trip even if you don't have to pee.