I can't speak highly enough about the staff at Riviera Opticare.\n\nMy wife and I both set appointments for our annual eye exam the day prior to our actual visit. Upon entering the showroom, we were greeted by all of the staff who weren't currently working with other patients...and THEN the receptionist greeted us.\n\nThe exam itself was a typical eye exam. The doctor was, much like the rest of the staff we had met up to that point, extremely polite. Since my wife and I both had appointments at the same time, the doctor was kind enough to allow my daughter to come into the exam room with me. \n\nAfter the exam, my wife and I were faced with the daunting task of picking out frames. To put this mildly, my wife and I are...let's just say that we're \"particular\" about our glasses. Colleen was exceptionally patient with each of us, as we sifted through the myriad of frames they had to offer us. \n\nOnce we finally picked the frames, Colleen was fantastic. She crunched the numbers to determine which option worked the best with our insurance. It's always nice when someone goes out of their way to SAVE you money.\n\nColleen informed us that our glasses would most likely be available within two weeks. Much to our surprise, all three pairs of our glasses (one pair of prescription sunglasses and two regular pairs) were ready in 6 calendar days!\n\nOnce we came in to pick up our glasses, the fantastic customer service picked up where it left off.\n\nTo save time, my wife and I each sat with different people to ensure that our glasses were to our liking. My wife sat with Colleen, and I sat with Cami.  As I mentioned before, my wife and I tend to be \"particular\" about our glasses. Both Colleen and Cami were exceptionally patient with us, adjusting our respective glasses accordingly to guarantee that our glasses fit JUST right.\n\nAll in all, my family couldn't be more pleased with the service we received from Riviera Opticare. If we still live in this area when our next annual eye exam comes up, you can rest assured that we will be returning to this awesome establishment!!!