The first time we went to Bill Johnson's, we informed the restaurant of my food allergy. The server told me that my salad had no onions in it. While I was eating my salad, I started tasting onions. When I asked the server why there were small pieces of onion in my salad she said she thought she had PICKED them out. Then I found out that the wonderful homemade salad dressing also had chopped onions in it. WHAT THE HELL????????????????   Dinner was a special night so I waited for my family to finish their meals and we left. Later that evening I had to deal with the consequences of ingesting raw onions. This is a reason why I don't like to dine out and I ask about the foods that I order when we do dine out.  We could hear the server talking to someone behind the wall about a customer \"who might complain\". \n\nI spoke with a rep from Bill Johnsons and he assured me that he would contact management at this location and would make sure that all the staff we made aware that food allergies are a serious issue and that if a customer has a special request that it is to be taken seriously. He also offered me a $20 gift certificate to come back and give them another try.\n\nPlease note:On previous occasions, I have developed serious reactions to raw onions and have required hospitalization that have lasted as long as 7 days. I'm not just someone who wants to complain and get a free meal. And for the record, I wasn't even offered a comp on my meal  nor was the manager ever informed. \n\nMoving on....\nWe went back last night with my sister and it was a complete let down. Our server brought us two cups of tortilla soup with cheese sprinkled on top. The soup was barely warm  and when we informed the server, she said that she gave us the last of the soup which was scraped from the container that had been removed from the warming unit and was sitting on the counter. She said that she thought it hadn't been sitting for too long so she figured that it still warm enough. WTH?? You can make folks sick by not having foods at their proper temperatures.  The rest of the meal was okay... nothing to write home about and just meh!  \n\nSorry Bill Johnson's... you just lost us. I would have given you at least a 2-star but my poor stomach is still suffering from last night's vomit session.