Please know that this is killing me to give my team 2 stars.  But everyone who is giving them 5 stars needs to get serious.  This review is not about the arena, its staff, or even the game night experience.  This review is strictly about the team, if I can even call them that anymore.\n\nAs a die hard Suns fan who's had season tickets for 7 years, it is difficult for me to even begin to describe what a roller coaster ride it has been.  We started off terrible with no leadership, traded for Nash which breathed new life into us and sent us off running, and now we're slow and losing again, virtually eliminating all traits of what used to make us so exciting.  That's a pretty quick time period to turn a complete about face and then back again, don't you think?\n\nThe real reason I'm giving them 2 stars is because they are playing with no heart, the most insulting thing professional athletes can do to their fans.  The lack of focus, passion, unity, and determination make it difficult for me to even watch a game in its entirety on tv now.  The season ticket holders in my section don't even know what to say to each other anymore.  We all just kind of shake our heads in shame.\n\nThe only real saving grace for me has been the unexpected stellar play of Shaq, someone that was originally intended to be part of the supporting cast, not a major player.  The kind of ball he is playing is reminiscent of his time in LA, except now the man can make free throws...kinda makes my head spin : )  His intensity has been off the charts, but I couldn't blame him for wanting to jump ship after this season, to go join a team that is actually hungry, a team that actually wants to win rather than bitch and moan in the locker room about playing time and paychecks.\n\nInstead, we fans will be forced to continue to listen to Amare whine about not being recognized as one of the premier superstars in the league like Lebron, even though he hasn't produced all year.  We'll have to watch Nash continue to cry and wipe away his tears because the big bad management group got rid of his favorite coach and traded his best friend Raja Bell, boo freaking hoo (I thought this was a business and these were grown men, obviously I was mistaken, ) as we're all forced to rally around Shaq and practical unknowns like Lou Amundson, who can't shoot a jump shot to save his life, but at least goes out there and hustles.\n\nBelieve you me, there is nothing I'd rather do than be able to update this review in the future with some positivity and more stars but that would involve them finding some collective identity and sense of urgency.\n\nAnd with a home game tonight against the Spurs, I'm not optimistic...