Terrible, do not go here if you're expecting a comfortable and relaxed European style topless environment. My wife and I visited this pool looking forward to a comfortable and secluded adults only pool, away from children with the benefit of her going topless for some fun and to help avoid tan lines. How wrong we were! \n\nWe visited on a Tuesday at around 12:30pm and we were lucky to be handed tickets for free admission for her and half price admission for me ($10) as we entered the Mirage pool area. However had we paid any more I would've been severely disappointed.\n\nAfter we arrived we find out that there is no where to sit except at the bar or on the edge of the pool without paying money. If we wanted one of the recliners around the pool (which are absolutely free around the normal Mirage pool) we had to spend $50 minimum per chair at the bar. So after paying an entry fee they provide you with nothing, no comfortable place to sit at all.\n\nThen there's the issue of the toplessness. No women were topless and with good reason, it didn't feel comfortable. First up without wanting to pay money for a recliner it means there's no comfortable place to be in your own space. My wife was very happy to go topless if it was a comfortable environment, but without her own space it just wasn't. Add to this the fact that the pool is ringed by cabanas which are much more secluded with curtains, and the one directly in front of us was filled with 4 very large and unattractive men with no women. So pretty much the whole pool was on display for these guys. Add to this that in order to enter the pool we had to pass through 3 or 4 guys to check our IDs, check our bag, and then finally lay down the rules, it didn't set up a warm environment to begin with. My wife pointed out that they really need to have women greeting the women going in to create a more welcoming atmosphere.\n\nI think they should create a policy of men only gain entry with a woman. One woman for every man. If single guys or groups of guys go there without any women they're only going there for one thing, and it's exactly that reason that means women are not going to feel comfortable topless.\n\nAs it stands it feels like an excuse to rip people off while failing at its supposed core purpose of being a European style topless pool. Just charge an entry fee and then give people a place to lay by the pool.\n\nIt has potential to be a fun place, the DJ was playing good music and everyone in the pool looked like they wanted to have a good time. The pool has just failed to create a fun and comfortable atmosphere though. \n\nIf you're prepared to spend money and want a 21+ pool with DJ music then this is your place. If you're looking for anything else then you'll be disappointed.