Nothing but great things said about this company. I would give this company a 1000\/1000 if I could. The service was beyond superb. I was honestly expecting this kayaking\/hiking expedition to be just par, but my girlfriend and I had one of the best vacations because of this 1 day trip we took with this company. She had made reservations a week prior to our Vegas trip. Not many people see Vegas as an adventurous and outdoorsy place because Nevada is known for Vegas and Vegas is known for their gambling, strippers, shows, hotels, food, etc. \n\nJust the thought of getting picked up at the front of the hotel at 4am on a Sunday plus a 12 mile tandem kayak down the Colorado River seemed mentally exhausting, but towards the end of the day, my girlfriend and I did not want the day to end! It was that much fun! Trust me, once you dip yourself into the extremely cold water of the Colorado River, you will be 100% completely wide awake, if that doesn't work, I don't know what will. The weather could not have been any more beautiful than the Sunday of June 1st. The sun was out with a slight breeze and it did not affect the toughness of kayaking throughout the day. I highly recommend this to anyone and everyone! \n\nOur guide Adam was awesome, couldn't ask for a funnier or more socialable guide. He was very knowledgeable in the history of Colorado River, he knew all the secret hot springs, the waterfalls, caves, and took us to a few areas to go diving, which was a unique treat. He was just an awesome guide and took amazing photos. If you are to book with this tour company, make sure you ask for Adam. He has plenty of his life stories to share and you will be laughing you're a$$ off throughout the trip. Rod is another tour guide whom had driven us to the kayak scene, but is a normal guide on half days, he provides great conversation and takes great pictures. You can't go wrong with either guide!\n\nWe were extremely fortunate to see a herd of Rams coming down to the river to drink water during the 12 mile kayak at 3 separate incidences. It was absolutely beautiful and breathtaking, luckily Adam had taught us ahead of time on how to approach the Rams without scaring them off. We came about 10 feet close to them and took some close up photos....again, it was a great experience. \n\nMy girlfriend and I had enjoyed each and every minute of this trip from 5am - 2pm. We had taken tons of pictures, had great conversation, and enjoyed the spectacular and breathtaking views. Never really saw Nevada that way given that Sin City is the first thing that pops to people's minds when they hear the state, Nevada. My views of Nevada have completely changed and I would definitely love to come back and do this tour. Shout out to Rod and Adam. You guys ROCK!