China Inn had been a mental bookmark dating back to June 7, 2013 that I recently erased with two dining experiences. I will never forget June 7, 2013 when I attended the Frostbites Unofficial Yelp Event. This was the summer of Frostbites when Yelpers throughout Las Vegas drove to the Frostbites truck at the Smith's anchored shopping center off Boulder Highway in what locals in jest knickname Hendertucky (Henderson). Throughout the event my eyes would wander away from the Frostbites truck toward a cozy looking Chinese restaurant named China Inn. It reminded me of the stand alone Chinese restaurants up in Long Island, NY. After finishing my Frostbites, I went on my Galaxy 3 to check out the Yelp reviews. They were discouraging. This mental bookmark remained for close to three years. \n\n   Fast forward to nearly three years later and things have changed. The Frostbites truck is long gone. I rarely hear the term Hendertucky. And China Inn is still standing in a new incarnation with new ownership turning it into a top tier Chinese restaurant. Momo B's tips would cause the mental bookmark to open the pages of a new chapter of my Chinese Restaurant dining experiences. \n\n   My two visits were during the Christmas season at the time of the lunch special which runs to 4 PM. The prices range from $6.99 to $7.99. In similar fashion to the majority of Chinese restaurants, the higher priced lunches are shrimp based. They include soup, fried rice, an egg roll, fortune cookie, and friendly service. For an additional $1 I ordered a pot of tea to compliment the food. And this is the food I ordered. On my first visit, I ordered the lo mein lunch special then on the second the pepper steak. Both times I started the meal off with hot and sour soup. Before the tip each visit came out to around $8. That is less money than Panda Express. \n\n   China Inn is what Frostbites is to shaved ice: commendable food. The hot and sour soup tasted freshly made and was served nice and hot. I give a thumbs up to the lo mein and pepper steak. The pepper steak was interspersed with the pepper, meat, and onions. The fried rice and egg roll were also thumb up worthy. The slight disappointment was that the hot tea was Lipton. \n\n   Both times the waitress was welcoming and friendly throughout the meal. She'd check up on me throughout the meal with a smile. \n\n   China Inn is just as cozy inside as it looks from the outside. This is more of a casual dining environment than takeout. It is a commodious space with the right amount of lighting and seating. During the Christmas and Holidays season, the Christmas tree adds to the cozy ambience of China Inn. \n\n   The new incarnation of China Inn is a welcoming addition to Boulder Highway in Henderson. The lunch special really is a spectacular deal when you take into consideration that it is parallel priced to fast food restaurants. The quality of the food is at the upper tier. The service and environment is friendly. I give China Inn my four star stamp of approval.