What's Montreal without having some boobs shoved in your face? Chez Parée is one of Montreal's best gentlemen's club, although when we were there, we didn't see many gentlemen. \n\nWhen we walked in, we were greeted by bouncers in tuxes. I thought that was a nice touch because when I'm getting the shit beaten out of me for getting too grabby with a stripper, I like the person doing the beating to have an air of class. After a brief wait on line, we bought our ticket in (only $5), and the ornery lady who gave me the ticket told me it was customary to tip her just for giving me a ticket. Since I'm not a total idiot, I politely told her to f*ck off. \n\nWe were escorted to a table by the tuxedoed bouncer who told us it's customary for us to tip him as well just because he showed us our booth. These people don't work very hard for their tips. My drunk friend obliged anyway. \n\nThe strippers at Chez Parée are quite hot, but the drinks are ridiculously expensive (bucket of 6 beers for $60). You are allowed to touch the dancers if you get a dance in the back room, but despite their assertion that \"contact is allowed,\" you're not allowed to beat them or hold them in your arms as you sob uncontrollably. The music selection throughout the night was also quite nice - nice mix of hip-hop and pop. \n\nUnlike American strip clubs, you don't throw dollars on the mainstage if you're sitting up close. It might be a safety issue, as Canadian dollar and two dollars are actually coins. Getting hit with a coin in the exposed taint probably hurts more than a paper bill, I reckon. \n\nGenerally, our group had a great time. One stripper tried to extort my friend and me in the back room, revealing that they're nothing but two bit hustlers out to make a quick buck, but as long as you know that their assertions that they \"love you\" and \"you are handsome will you marry me and help raise my child please you're my only hope they starve me here and don't let us leave and i'm not even given overtime\" are just attempts to shake you down for more money, you'll have a grand old time!