We came here last night for diner & left beyond dissatisfied!! I've had this spot bookmarked for some time now so we were excited to finally make it here. I made the reservation for 7:45 for the patio & upon parking we noticed the patio was facing the parking lot which we thought odd because as you're parking you're headlights are blinding the diners!! The hostess sat us at a two top table with a high chair which was a tad cramped but I was going to let that slide. Our server Alexis greeted us & she was definitely on top of her game, she brought out our cocktails & we placed our appetizer order of the meat & cheese board. The board came out & it was fantastic with the freshly made burrata cheese & the freshly sliced meats, zero complaints... it left us excited for our entrees but unfortunately that's where it stops! My hubby got the lemon oregano chicken with fingerling potatoes, one of his faves so my poor hubby was looking forward to his dish coming. What a bomb, the potatoes were basically boiled & the chicken was just ehh... so so bland & minus that perfectly cooked skin you expect with a rotisserie chicken! He left half a plate & yet turned down a take away box, enough said! I went with my fave butternut squash soup & Parmesan crusted scallops which is also my favorite!! The soup was some of the worst, when you lift the spoon the soup was like this gelatin texture versus the velvet texture that your expecting & there was no hint of the nutmeg that you'd be looking for, yes please take my dish away. I then had the scallops with mushrooms on top, the mushrooms were great but the scallops were beyond over cooked yet I chose not to say anything because I wasn't in the mood to order a replacement!! Alexis did insist that I choose something in place of the soup so I chose a crab cake, I know huge gamble but come on who's cooking back there... either cook or hire someone who can!!! The crab cake was served sitting atop a thickly sliced beef steak tomato, looked great yet the tomato was ice cold which completely brought the temp of my hot crab cake to a lukewarm... the crab cake tasted good with the lumps of crab but I'm not going to eat a barely hot crab cake when I'm expecting it to be hot!! At this time I asked Alexis if she could just box it up & bring hubby the check. Mind you with all of this going on it would have been nice to see a manager but that wasn't the case, Alexis did come back & said she had some of our meal comped because of the unsatisfactory entrees so that was much appreciated & she was rightfully compensated for her exceptional service yet we would never ever go back there. Let's face it if you can't get it right the first time why am I going to gamble for you to screw up our whole meal again!! Go figure the one thing we loved, the meat & cheese board involved zero cooking!!! So kudos to the person that prepared the board but whomever did the entrees has some serious fine tuning to do!!