ACT OF TERRORISM!!! Thats what I consider it! The war on terror is not only against ISIS its already within our own country through our own people in our own relationships and Im building a wall! I will not patron a place to be terrorized by assault, rumors or the like! I KNOW for a FACT this hasnt happened to just me it happens to ALOT of people there and thats why alot of people have LEFT! Way before me!!! They just havent thought about posting it here on Yelp! But there are more unfavorable reviews at the bottom to click on see what Im saying is not true? The rumors never really bothered me I think its ridiculous but when Im assaulted or there is a abuse of authority I have to confront it!  It can and WILL happen to ANYONE that goes there!!! See what you \"OWNERS\" and \"BARTENDERS\" dont understand as business people. You may have a place of business...but WE the PATRONS of your business PAY your bills! Without US you have NO business! I have seen \"owners\" and \"bartenders\" come and go! This is the PATRONS bar! Neighborhood people that know each other and who each other is and have been in the area for a VERY long time!!! You offer service to US! When you have LOCALS that live in the area and show LOYALTY your business there should be some RESPECT and service should be honoring that loyalty and your LOYAL customers also they should not be served last waiting forever to be served ...where is YOUR loyalty??? THEY should be served 1st! They are #1 and steadily paying YOUR bills! AND...everyone most definitely should feel SAFE in your establishment! Maybe need to take some business classes or at least be an owner with HONOR! If a LOYAL patron of 5 years that has never had problems before before you took over the place is telling you something is wrong....you ignore that...and attack that patron ....then where is your loyalty to anyone else in your establishment??? Thats why I say BAD BUSINESS! If you will allow a local loyal woman patron be treated with dishonor...who is safe??? Its not rocket science so NO I will NOT PATRON your business or associate with anyone who still does after they know what happened! No loss for me! Weeds out the ones I wouldnt want to or should hang out with anyway! Anyone that does hang with me knows who I am! They can never be waivered! I dont cause anyone problems I try to help fix them sometimes or help someone out and Im a PEACEKEEPER who trys to lift spirits NOT crush them!!! I believe in EMPOWERING people through in a POSITIVE way! I believe in LOVE your neighbor meaning anyone you come in contact with! We CREATE the world we LIVE in!  BUT I will FIGHT back THIS WAY though by leaving my 'REVIEW\" this way no one can say I said something I didnt and I dont have to talk  about it directly! Sorry! I fight this way I dont do bar brawls! Im not a kindergarten kid! Im grown...a mature adult! Plus Im not causing myself more problems with jail fines and other expenses! I didnt fight back because I was scared...its because Im SMART! Im dont engage in primitive bs! Plus  I know self defense \"Krav Maga\" that I took classes after a previous domestic violence situation! Im NOT an IDIOT! and Im NOT giving anyone anything to TALK about and since they have NOTHING on me and they MAKE UP lies and rumors to ENTERTAIN themselves with their talk! Its NOT cute! WHAT ONE MAN CAN DO ANOTHER CAN DO!  I can do the same thing but I dont have to make it up I have enough material to tell the TRUTH! I am not a person who tells other peoples business or talk about or spread rumors so I am relatively a SAFE person but I will not surround myself amongst those who cause drama and problems you can keep that to yourselves!  and I will STAND UP for myself and EXPOSE the TRUTH if you want to BULLY and DISRESPECT me! See Ya!Why have I not dated anyone??? Im looking for loyalty honor respect!!! Not a false flag...not money not muscles not size not color not status.....if you have empty promises you have no honor...if you dont stand by your word ...you have no honor....if you talk bad about anyone or about your gf behind her back to everyone else and go home to her ....you have no honor respect or loyalty!!! Its really that easy! Im not judging and I be friends with anyone but never a bf! Simple...but see what happens when I attempted to date someone from there???? 3yrs ago for what a week and I decided not to??? DRAMA! Just knew it would only bring trouble for me! Im good thanks! Im free! and Im happy! and Ya Im may be dumb sometimes but Im not STUPID!! For those that dont know me I draw ALOT of POSITIVE attention! My review absolutely means alot! I make a fun night for everyone! I may not spend alot but I bring in alot of people who spend money! Its downright disrespect! Next post explains what happened!