\"Some day, and that day may never come, I will call upon you to do a service for me. But uh, until that day, accept this justice as a gift on my daughter's wedding day.\"\n\nThat's what Don Corleone said to Bonasera in the opening scene of \"The Godfather\", the classic movie that made the mobsters sound like the source for all of life's lessons. I guess you have to consider the consequences of your actions when you're carrying out a hit. Jamie W. and I were not all that fired up to go to this place since neither of us can quote \"The Godfather\" very well, but the Neon Museum offered a $30 package deal that included admission here. Since the normal price is $23.95, that seemed like a good deal, especially since it's only a couple of blocks away from the Fremont Street Experience, which by the way, loses much of its neon-lit appeal during the day.\n\nMeticulously designed, the Mob Museum is housed in the former Las Vegas Post Office and Courthouse, which was built in 1933 (photo: http:\/\/bit.ly\/1Vr78Te). That lends the appropriate period flavor the three floors of exhibits on display here. We were directed to the third floor where you learn about he origins of the mob and even see a piece of the brick wall where Bugs Moran's gang was shot dead by Al Capone's men during the infamous St. Valentine's Massacre. The G-Men started to respond, but the Mob's influence was spreading coast to coast. The highlight of the second floor is a recreation of the courtroom where the Kefauver Committee started to interrogate the Mob about their so-called business practices.\n\nThis floor is also where you see the classic Las Vegas take shape as an open city where mobsters could come to make money without fear of facing a dominant family. You can even practice your best fatal pose in a traditional electric chair here. Climbing down to the first floor, we saw how the local Mob was brought down by wiretaps, surveillance and gun battles and also how it evolved into global syndicates. The tour ends with a screening of clips from famous Mob-related movies. While comprehensive, the museum could have used a few more interactive exhibits to offset the massive amount of reading at some of the displays. Still, it was a more interesting tourist stop than we expected. You should allot at least two hours for a visit.