When one goes through really difficult times in life, it gets pretty easy to devote focus on the things that are going wrong; ignoring the few positive things that are around you.\n\nExperiencing my own trying times, every area of life felt more like sandpaper to the soul more than it did a simple rough patch. For many reasons, I tried to find a place to stay that was short-term leases, but also a decent environment. I have a broken heart, not a drug habit. \n\nI preferred being relatively close to freeway access, partly because I commute (read: trek) to Summerlin for work. After sampling a few other establishments in the area, I found Holiday Royale and decided to shoot them an email. Their reply was incredibly warm, friendly and welcoming. Very much opposite of where I was. I figured it wouldn't hurt to take a tour of a few units, as the prices were more than fair.\n\nI was once again greeted with enthusiasm; they genuinely wanted to help and seemed to really want to welcome me to the complex. That was enough for me to have it set in my mind that before even taking the tour, the units would need to be absolutely deplorable for me to walk away. I'd originally asked to see just one, but the staff were more than happy to accomodate my request to see a couple others. \n\nThe tagline \"HomeTels\" is fitting in a number of ways. For one, the units seem to be in between a hotel room and full fledged apartments. This isn't necessarily a bad thing - as most short-term |places| seem to be 100 years old and beat down, with management fully aware of that, and not caring. Depending on what size unit you decide on, the room will be modern; not so much sleek. But even the smaller ones are more than adequate. The regular more long-term residents are usually nice enough, and the short-term visitors seem to be here for either business or convention purposes, or perhaps a few 20-somethings that made a spur of the moment decision to come; not wanting to pay the exorbitant rates a last-second trip would cost at Hard Rock across the street. All units have free Wi-Fi as well - a definite perk that by itself accounts for a decent chunk of room costs.\n\nThe actual complex has a nice layout - nicely maintained grass areas with mini-playgrounds for childrenand a centrally located; clean pool. There are also several charcoal BBQ's for anybody to use, as well as 3 laundry facilities, ensuring no matter where you are, you won't be too far from one.\n\nDespite all of those things, the real star is the staff. Always friendly, the office doesn't feel like a cold; operating only to take your money. They always greet me by name; asking how I've been, or commenting that it's been too long since they saw me last. There are mailboxes for each resident, free computers with internet access - even a small library with several genres of books - absolutely free for one to take and return on an honor system. Rates are tiered by one week, two-weeks, or monthly. Payments are to be made only via office drop box or visit (during business hours of course,) or over the phone if you signed a consent form allowing a credit card charge telephonically. \n\nShort term living is difficult in a vast number of ways; just varying degrees - so you're not wise expecting Shangrila when scoping the landscape of options. In that vain, Royale is very likely to serve you just fine and quite serviceably.