As I rushed through the depths of Mandalay Bay, late for one of my closest friend's wedding I started to get out of breath - where was THE chapel??? These 3-inch heels aren't going to make it much further.\n\nAfter what was a good ten minute sprint we arrived, heaving oxygen into our lungs to a lobby decorated in dark wood and creamy colors.  The smiling receptionist told us our wedding party was located in the \"gold\" room.  Seems as if this facility has two or so rooms on each side so they can accommodate many ceremonies. \n\nThe rooms are pleasant enough - the theme of dark wood\/creams follows through and behind the pulpit there is a big window that can look out to some tropical foliage.  Our particular room looked like it could've held about 35-50 people. Honestly it occurred to me at one point they looked a little funereal (which I guess some people think when they are getting married, death of being single and all)  There is a piano in the back where my friend had a player come in to play the bridal entrance as well as provide some background music during the vows.\n\nWhat I did like was the bride and groom rooms. Now of course when you think Vegas you think Elvises and drunken \"I dos\" and \"did I just do that?\" the next morning, but this was straight out elegant.  My friend had a nice, quiet place to dress, do her make-up and try to calm those pre-wedding nerves.\n\nThe ceremony itself of course was beautiful and I would put some photos up --oh wait, we weren't allowed to film video or take stills during the vows because of course on top of the package they had already sold the couple, they wanted to be able to get plenty of add-ons out of them. Fine, dandy, I guess you can make your money but if we want to take shots from our point of view I don't know why that's a big deal. (Although my view was marred by tears the whole time)    The officiator was very nice and ran the vows perfectly, stopping to give my girl time to wipe her tears and compose a little so she could say her personal vows.\n\nAll in all definitely my friend's sleek style and the package deals seemed pretty good - you know, if you are the 1% who comes to Vegas sober and planning to wed.....