This is definitely a zero-star business. \n\nAfter dealing with them over and over and getting no satisfaction I removed my other review to replace it with this one.\n\nAs cleaners go, they're okay. As soon as you involve customer service or management you can kiss any hope of resolution good-bye. They are unprofessional, to the point of almost being illiterately so, I mean just dumb people. And I want to apologize in advance to illiterate people, no offense to you.\n\nAfter my first review they came back to my house. I had just come in from out of town and they had some deal with their kid and couldn't make it. So, they took it upon themselves to reschedule. When they came back they were obviously in a hurry and did a slop job. Complained, rewrote my review, had management harass me to change my review, sent them out again, finally got my floors clean. Okay, done.\n\nWent to reschedule to have them come out and clean again. They apparently took me off the monthly schedule I was on without me knowing. Called in, told the woman to make sure maids knew the door would be open for the next cleaning, I would not be there. Maids come over, knock and knock, call, text message. I'm in a meeting I can't get out of to take any calls, or return texts so they leave. No cleaning. I call in, they say they saw that for the NEXT appointment I had. I didn't even know I had a next appointment. So, rescheduled for the next day. THEY NEVER SHOWED UP.\n\nCalled back up and talked to another illiterate person who put me on hold to answer another call. Uh, okay. Came back and said she'd check it out and call me back. NEVER CALLED BACK.\n\nI called for two days straight at varying times of day and THEY NEVER ANSWERED THE PHONE.\n\nThis company is crap. Seriously. If you have no problems you're probably fine, but the second you have one you have just encountered the Keystone Cops. Bumbling, lying, rude, ignorant people where you are sure to get no resolution.\n\nI can assure you as an avid reviewer, a conscientious consumer, a person who expects great customer service: this company only cares about good reviews. You are persona non grata if you have problems. STAY AWAY, there are a million good cleaners in Vegas, this is NOT one of them.