As I have previously stated, I love a good donair!  I'm pretty hard pressed to think of anything else in life that is more satisfying than a good donair. For me, a donair is everything that food should be and shouldn't be all wrapped up into a perfect tube of deliciousness! The orchestration of all the sweet, savoury, sour and spicy flavours produce a harmonious symphony that would equate to the food equivalent of nirvana. However, after indulging I can't help but feel the sharp pang of guilt; like I just committed the most perverse crime imaginable. Even a soak in a tub full of hand sanitizer would not be enough to clean my conscience. But this is another thing that makes eating a donair so special. And Sammy's does the donair right!\n\nI originally got referred to Sammy's by a friend of mine. You could say this guy is a Sheik of sorts when it comes to artificially pressed meats (pun intended). Boy was he on point about this place; the donair is by far the best I have had in the city! Sammy is a sweetheart and will hook you up with plenty of meat; he's not here to rip you off he just wants to make you a great donair. The sauces are fantastic too and you get a few more options here then you would anywhere else. You get to choose from sweet, garlic, tahini, hot and something else that I'm forgetting right now. Usually I opt for sweet, tahini and hot. The toppings are your usual fare and I always load it up with everything. By the time Sammy is done he usually draws a sweat trying to wrap the behemoth! Bring a bib because this sucker is messy (as it should be) and fortunately Sammy employs the 'donair diaper' which is a plastic bag on the bottom to ensure all the tasty goodness at the bottom doesn't leak out on your Ed Hardy T.\n\nI love the fact the Sammy's is so close to where I work and live. it means I can visit him as often as my lack of self-respect can allow. The alley ways a block south from Sammy's is the perfect place to sit in decrepitude as you eat your donair. I find the dirtier the alley the more enjoyable the experience . Might I suggest the alley behind American Apparel? I lustfully ate a Sammy's donair there one steaming summer afternoon on a concrete jersey barrier approximately 3 feet away from a set of dirty panties. Could this be the perfect scenario for a first date? I think yes!