One of my dining goals is try all the Chinese restaurants excluding the touristy ones in Las Vegas. When it seems that I came very close to this goal in Henderson, a Chinese restaurant opens. Recently, the second China Wan Wan opened. It had been a mental bookmark. This past Tuesday and Wednesday after morning hikes near Boulder City, I had the opportunity to pop the mental bookmark two times. I have been familiar with the original China Wan Wan at the southwest corner of Boulder Highway at Russell Road. I had dined there on six occasions and bestowed it with a four star review.\n\n  This China Wan Wan is located in the Hammer's strip mall off Horizon Drive between the signalized intersections of College Road and Boulder Highway. It is on the westbound side prior to the railroad crossing. Here is a heads up from yours truly to the hiking and bicycling community. The railroad is parallel to the Union Pacific Railroad Trail. From my experiences hiking the trail, this midway spot is a suitable spot for a trailhead. The nearby China Wan Wan makes for a rewarding post hiking or cycling lunch.\n\n  As I stated in previous reviews, \"I am a fan of the Chinese restaurant lunch special.\" In my opinion, they are the best deals. The average lunch special with a drink costs less than $10. From 11 am to 4 pm seven days a week, China Wan features a lunch special menu with 18 entrees. The price is between $6.55 and $6.95. Interestingly this is more money than the original location that charges between $5.95 and $6.55. There is a possibility that their prices could of gone up. The to-go orders exclude soup. For the record, it seems that one of the few Chinese restaurants that include soup with their to-go lunch special is the New York Chinese Restaurants.\n\n   On Tuesday, May 22; I ordered the shrimp chop suey lunch special. At $6.95, it included fried rice and soft chow mein noodles with crunchy noodles and a bowl of egg drop or hot and sour soup. I opted for the later which tasted good. For an additional $1.50, I ordered a bottomless fountain beverage. The shrimp chop suey was solid. It included seven shrimp that blended in with the warm vegetables. Regardless of how agreeable it was to my taste buds, in my opinion the China Go Go in the Boulder Highway at Lake Mead Parkway Albertson's shopping center serves the best shrimp chop suey in Henderson. As far as the soft chow mein noodles, I poured on Sriracha sauce to give it some flavor. \n\n  The next day on Wednesday, May 23; I ordered the pepper steak lunch special. It costed $6.55. In place of the soft chow mein noodles, I ordered all fried rice. With it I ordered egg drop soup. For the additional $1.50, I ordered the bottomless fountain beverage. The pepper steak was appetizing and succulent. This was hours later after I microwaved it. Let me explain. On my second visit, I came to the conclusion after eating the egg drop soup that I'd bring home the pepper steak and fried rice where it would hit the spot at supper. One of the dining tips that my dad taught me when I was a kid was that Chinese food tastes just as good warmed up.\n\n  The two entrees that I ordered were thin on the grease and thick on the portions. In other words quantity equaled quality. The fried rice was also good. For the record, my favorite fried rice at this time in the valley is XO in Mountains Edge.\n\n From years of dining in Chinese restaurants, I have come to the conclusion that the local ones fall into two categories: 1. Casual and 2. Take out environment. China Wan Wan is take out style. Out of the five Chinese restaurants that I have reviewed in Southeast Henderson, it is the only take out style Chinese restaurant. There are eight tables. They serve the food in Styrofoam bowls with plastic utensils. There is limited interaction with the staff that starts from ordering at the counter. A few minutes later, they bring the soup before the entree. The customer pours the drink and dumps the Styrofoam plates. Because of the limited interaction, I did not feel an obligation to tip. If I did, there is a tip jar at the register.\n\n  China Wan Wan is unquestionably mom and pop. The family children hung around the restaurant. Being children they were slightly noisy. The generally well mannered children were very slightly placing the ambiance in the noisy catagory. \n\n  With two visits to China Wan Wan under my belt during the lunch special, I have something to say: \"I am a fan of their lunch special!\" If I lived nearby I could see myself as a regular. I could also see myself abiding by the advice that I earlier gave the hiking and biking community to stop by China Wan Wan after hiking on the Union Pacific Railroad Trail.