THE BEST AYCE sushi in Vegas! For 26.95 you CANNOT go wrong. \nI was taken here by my friend who goes here every time he is in Vegas; and now I see why. I was a little confused when I first got seated because there was no conveyer belt or large sushi counter in sight; how could this be an AYCE sushi place without a central sushi counter I wondered? The restaurant is setup like a Benihana with seats around a grill and a small sushi bar. We were seated at the tables, and I believe the tables hold about 6-8 people on each side. The waitresses were extremely patient with our party especially since they had to come back and forth at least 10 times! The menu looked like a traditional restaurant sushi menu with the different rolls and sushi with the prices, so it was easy to keep track of the financial damage you were avoiding.  \n\nI personally went to town on the Sashimi Combo plate and the Hamachi sushi because I could eat sashimi by itself and be happy. The Sashimi Combo plate had about 12 total pieces of Tuna, Yellow Tail, Salmon, and Red Snapper. Each piece of fish was extremely fresh and melted in my mouth; this was where the real quality sashimi was. The Hamachi sushi was served in pairs and like the Sashimi Combo was extremely fresh. I did not get into any of their house rolls, but they had the common house rolls Spicy Tuna, Philadelphia, Crunchy, etc. \n\nThe poke was also included in the AYCE menu and had enormous amounts of flavor! There was a nice kick to this dish, and I found myself ordering this more than once. \nFor dessert was NOT included in the AYCE menu, but it was a great cap to this epic meal, they had green tea, mango, and lychee sorbets for $2.50 (but don't quote me on the price). The lychee sorbet was one of the BEST sorbets I have ever had! \n\nHikari has the best quality fish I have ever had in Vegas, and for the price, Hikari trumps everything else I've ever had in Vegas. I highly recommend that you try Hikari the next time you are in Vegas; the high quality fish and fresh fish for a great price is well worth your time. \n\nHikari has a special \"Good looking ladies $22.50 after 10pm\"! - sweet!