It's been about seven years since I've been here and not much has changed.  We met a friend from Toronto who was in town for 2 weeks for bridge tournaments and gaming.  This is one of the places he hits up every time he comes to Las Vegas.\n\nWe had reservations for 5:30--not needed as it turned out--but there were more people there than I had expected.  We were quickly seated, brought menus, and our drink order was delivered.  We then ordered and the server split the order into two checks as we requested.\n\nMy wife ordered the Chicken Cortez and Jack and I each ordered prime rib.  Each dinner comes with soup or salad and choice of starch.  I got potato leek and a baked potato.  I asked for my prime rib to be blue and the server said very rare to which I nodded.  We also ordered a side of scalloped corn with prosciutto to share.\n\nBread was brought to the table along with two plates of pastry piped butter.  There didn't appear to be any difference in taste among the three.  The lavash was not as flavorful as some I've had and the pretzel roll was somewhat dry.  It seemed like the bread was a little on the old side.\n\nThe soup was good.  One of the bus people came to grind fresh pepper which was a bonus.  There was a good separation between courses so we could chat and catch up with what our friend had been up to since we saw him a few months before.\n\nOur mains arrived.  The prime rib was red as I wanted and Jack's was a medium rare which was what he ordered.  Andrea's chicken was, well chicken with cheese melted on top and some avocado.  My baked potato was large but needed a bit more baking time.  I got the normal accoutrements--butter and sour cream and the waiter left extra horseradish if we wanted to charge up the creamy horseradish served with the prime rib.  All three of us liked our meals.  The scalloped corn was very good.  Creamed corn with lots of cheese baked until the light bread crumb top was browned.\n\nFor dessert, I got carrot cake which was quite good.\n\nThe Cortez Room is OK.   Service was OK if not a bit nonchalant.  The price was good because the casino had mailed a BOGO to my wife and we used points to pay the balance.  For the price of gratuity, we had dinner for two.  The A-OK rating is apropos  because while nothing stands out about the whole evening, the food was OK and done the way we wanted.