So always thought about checking out Sin City Thai Restaurant. I have my normal Thai spots. Friend was mentioning about the lunch specials that he comes here often with co workers. He like it solid good Thai food. I was like why not plus always helps keep reviews up checking out new places. lol. Anyway stopped by for lunch it eventually got crowded by 12am so early lunch be ideal. It small restaurant not lot of seats. \n\nThe lunch specials they have nice selection that can choose from for your entree. Some Thai places there lunch specials might not have as many choose from but here it nice list. One that for sure will be back to try more of the list. I decided to start the list with Kung Pao. I was going with Orange Chicken but server warning me that not your typical orange chicken just in case thinking Panda style. I appreciated the fact that she mentioned to me that the restaurant style is more true Thai style dishes. The Kung Pao it really did have different taste then normally associate with Kung Pao. If there one distinct thing that STANDS out. The HEAT on the dishes are insane. Start you need to know that the heat scale goes from 1-4. Not your norm like most other Thai places might go 1-10. Other need to know VERY important no joke talking about the heat. They warn you and she even double warns you if think high and mighty can handle the burn. I had the 2. I never had 2 that HOT. It was good kind of heat. The portion size is decent, all lunch specials comes with choice of soup, rice, and egg roll. Best part is under $10 for any lunch special. Get your choice of protein just if want Shrimp dollar extra. \n\nThe service can be slow only because only one waitress for the whole restaurant. The interior decor is nice. Don't forget to check out the chalkboard with the daily specials or non menu items. The staff is awesome. It was my first time. She did awesome job explaining to me the heat scale works and made a great recommendation change my order from Orange Chicken to Kung Pao. \n\nNo doubt plan on coming back again...till the next lunch special!!!