We used Capitol North American to move our household from Las Vegas to Seattle.\n\nInitially our experience with the company was very positive and we found Patti Ann and Theresa to be very helpful in the planning phase.  The company even sent out a crew the day before our move to assess the site and confirm the scale of the move.  While on site the workmen boxed our televisions and artwork at our request.  We self-packed all of our other possessions and these were ready to move and organized in the foyer for transfer to the truck the next day.  Up to this point, everything had gone well with our move and our relationship to Capitol North American.\n\nHowever, things took a bad turn the next day when the moving van and moving crew arrived.  Firstly, it was immediately apparent that there was not enough room on the truck.  Multiple crew members pulled me aside and told me so.  When I inquired as to when an additional truck would arrive, they referred me to the driver.  The driver, Alex, acknowledged that he had been under-quoted the space required for our move -- but stated that he would be able to fit everything regardless.  So, he and the crew proceeded to dismantle every piece of furniture we had down to core components.\n\nTo be clear, I don't mean that they did the obvious things like taking legs off of tables...I mean that they took the legs, then the brackets, them the mechanics, etc...again, core components. They did this with everything.  This was not ikea-style build-at-home furniture.  Our furniture was not built to be taken apart -- we later discovered they had even disconnected joints that had been GLUED together during manufacturing.  Each time we raised concern we were told 1) this is the normal process of moving and they do it all the time without harm to any furniture, and 2) that they were carefully cataloging all of the items and any pre-move damage so that we could easily be reimbursed for any damage that might ultimately come from the process.\n\nOnce everything was broken down into these core components, it was shoved, crammed, strapped, and otherwise forced into whatever space or gap could be manipulated (even if that space was incompatible with the shape or size of the item being mangled into it).\n\nAlthough the movers had initially been careful to keep items organized and to heed instructions on boxes (like, \"this end up\" or \"fragile\"), as the day went on and space got more scarce, these precautions were abandoned.  Boxes were crammed any way possible without regard to contents or instructions.  We even halted one of the workmen from ROLLING one of our dressers down the hall and onto the stairway (that is, flipping it end over end rather than finding another crew member to carry it with him).  Over and over We expressed our concerns to the driver and repeatedly requested another truck to come but always we were told that this was normal and all would be fine and all would be restored.\n\nWe were told the van loading would take less than 4 hours as our things were already packed prior to the van's arrival and the home size was modest (approx 2100 square feet, 3 bedroom, 2 bathroom).  Ultimately this process of deconstruction and forcing took over 12 hours!  During this time we had no safe\/quiet place where my wife could nurse our newborn baby or where we could nap our 2-year old toddler.  The whole family was exhausted and beyond stressed by the time the moving van finally pulled away at nearly 10pm that night.\n\nUpon receiving and unloading our possessions in Seattle the reality of the damage became apparent.  Even the 3rd party moving crew (hired by Capitol North American to help the driver unload the truck) expressed to us their flabbergasted shock at the damage and disorganization of our possessions upon offload.  The end result is that EVERY piece of our furniture has damage to it including dents, abrasions, cracks, bent metal, broken glass, missing parts, etc. Many of our boxed possessions also suffered damage due to the boxes being crushed into small spaces, or \"fragile\" stickers and similar being wholly ignored.  The damage inflicted to our property was a direct result of systematic negligence.\n\nAfter assessing the damages, we promptly filed a claim with Capitol North American.  The company admits fault in causing these damages, but despite THOUSANDS in damages, the total compensation offered to us is under $400!!!\n\nThe company acted negligently. My neighbors saw it, my family saw it, the 3rd party moving crew saw it, and the damage inflicted on my possessions is testament to it.  Despite a good start, this experience was absolutely horrible.\n\nAvoid this company!!!!