I was lucky enough to get a great parking spot right in front of Schwartz's on St Laurent.  I had to remind myself how Montreal parking works... it's been a while since I've driven in the city.  You have to know your parking spot assigned number so you can enter it into the parking machine on the street.  You don't need to put the ticket on your dash, you just need to make sure you're entering the right spot assigned number in to the machine.\n\nI didn't see any lines so this was good... it was about 4:45pm.  Walking into the place it was still packed.  There was a single stool at the bar so I ended up taking that spot which worked out since I was by myself.\n\nThe choice was simple... smoked meat sandwich!!!  If I didn't get the fries I probably could have eaten 2 sandwiches.  I did get the fries which are basically fries but they are good.  The black cherry Cott soda was a good compliment.  I'm trying to drink less pop these days but really it was a must to complete the trinity.  \n\nThis sandwich is spot on and this is one of the reasons why Montreal will always have one up on TO when it comes to food... IMO this one food item is one of the cornerstones of Montreal's food extravaganza.  If it's not their version of bagels, or pizza or steamies it's their smoked meat and this place serves the best I've had.  \n\nI went to Katz in NYC but didn't get end up eating there.  We walked in and walked out pretty fast.  Why?  It felt like I was lining up for get on a Disney ride before the reservation system.  Thanks but no thanks... it was a long walk that day in the summer in lower Manhattan and although I can't compare what Schwartz's has compared to Katz's I probably won't ever have to.  Schwartz's was no nonsense, quick, no line up and I didn't have to feel like I needed a wristband to get into a club that had bottle service.\n\nSchwartz's again = the best I've had in my life for Montreal smoke meat.  Carnegie Deli on 7th Ave in NYC so far is the best corned beef and pastrami I've had.  \n\nSchwartz's prices also are not outrageous either.  Considering they serve a lot of sandwiches both eat in and take out their consistency of their quality has really no choice but to be what they are in order to garner the attention they deserve.  \n\nI will have to now make this restaurant a must go place every time I go to Montreal now... I think I may go there again on the way out of town too!