Love this Lush at the Downtown Summerlin mall! The best experience I have had at any Lush. Usually at other Lush stores, the employees are very rude, unattentive and racist. This is the ONLY Lush you should go to because everyone there is so nice!! They really care about you and want to make sure you enjoy your experience. They really know what they are talking about. I was immediately greeted by a saleswoman and she was very kind and answered all of my questions. I was looking for a body scrub and cleanser and she recommended this product that cleanses and conditions your skin. It is a seasonal item, usually for Mother's Day I believe. It is shaped like a bee. This worked for my skin, making it smooth and It eventually was too harsh for my skin,so I had to stop using it but if you don't have super sensitive skin like mine it is great for the whole body and will really cleanse and condition your skin. \n\nI also needed deodorant and OH MY GOSH, this is the BEST deodorant I have ever used in my life. Since Lush is an all-natural brand, their products are very good for you and work for sensitive skin like mine. This deodorant is called Aromaco and they always have it. It has lasted me a long time and it smells good without irritating my skin. This is the first deodorant that has not irritated my skin. It is very sweat wicking and keeps your pits dry! Lol. :) I like how their prices were reasonable too and Lush is awesome because they cut the solid products like the deodorant into whichever size you want. The woman even gave me samples, not stingy ones, a good helping of a sample that lasted me some time. It was a honey based cleanser for my body. It worked well too and left my skin very smooth. The woman who helped me was very kind, hands-on, knowledgeable and so helpful. I learned so much! :) They have excellent products for everyday needs, exfoliation, moisturizing, and treatments. At the register, they work very fast but are still kind and talk to you. They want to make sure you have a great experience and I definitely did! It also smells wonderful and it is such a cute shop and you leave with their cute, floral bag! Can't wait to go back!! :)