I will preface this by saying I did not go for Dim Sum, I went for dinner.\nSaturday night and I didn't feel much like cooking so I checked Yelp and found China King.  When I pulled in the parking lot there were almost no cars....hmm....at 6pm on a Saturday evening?  Well, ok, it is, after all more known for it's Dim Sum so we walked in and were warmly greeted and seated and drink orders taken.  There were two other tables occupied but after a few minutes some larger parties came in.  I went over the menu and found lunch specials and dinner specials, some appitizers and some pictures of dim sum.  Nothing more.  Where were the lists of noodles, rice, and chicken, beef, pork and seafood dishes??  Did they give me the american version of the menu?  No worries, I ordered the shrimp with snow peas that came with won ton soup, egg roll, crab rangoon, and rice.  My daughter had her fried shrimp appetizer that she loves and rice.  She got eight shrimp and said the rice was yummy too.  She was happy.  My dish was very good.  Won Ton soup was tasty, egg roll was not greasy, and the shrimp with snow peas had tons of shrimp and snow peas that were cooked perfectly.  \n\nService was great.  We were checked on to make sure drinks were filled and that we didn't need anything else once the food arrived. And everyone was friendly and smiling.  \n\nI don't know if this is a common practice but I noticed the other families that were there let their children run around the restaurant.  It was not crowded and they kept to the back so they were not bothering us but I don't let my child do that.  She even asked me why they were not sitting at the table.  I'm the first one to know how challenging it is to teach your child to sit at the table but you have to teach them, not let them run around.  I think it's rude to the other diners but that's just me.\n\nOne thing I noticed.....there was a large party in the corner that ordered off a different menu.  They were eating family style.  Another couple came in shortly after we did and seemed to be regulars and they got a different menu.  Did I just look like the white person that didn't know anything about Chinese food?  Next time I will ask for the \"other\" menu....the one with all the good stuff one it.