WOW. WOWWW. WOWWWWWWWWWW. Such a queen. Slay, Celine, slay! \n\nA lot of my friends my age grew up listening to da hood music, and things like that, but I grew up listening to Celine Dion mainly because my mom listened to her. No ragrets, though. Anyways, I had planned a trip to go to Vegas back in July for the RiSE Lantern Festival. A month later, I saw that Celine was back in Vegas after a year of absence. I quickly looked up dates and saw that she would be performing the same weekend I'd be in Vegas. I asked my bf if he would be interested in going to Celine's concert. He had said no since he doesn't listen to her. Understandable. But then he asked if I wanted to go, and I said yes. He ended up getting seats (and really nice seats too) as an early birthday present. Ahhhh, thank you!!!\n\nCeline's opening song \"I Surrender\" was absolutely amazeballs. No joke. The curtains open, she's standing there in her sparkly sequined dress looking hot as hell. The audience goes wild. There is a white back drop. She starts singing. Just as she hits one of the high notes, the white backdrop drops and flies of the stage. BOOM. RIVETING. AMAZING. Her band is killing it. Her backup vocalists are killing it. She's killing it. \n\nShe sang her most popular songs - Power of Love, Because You Loved Me, etc.- and other songs as well. A lot of her popular songs were put into medley, but I did wish that she sang the entire songs. Being a total Celine AND Disney fan, I completely lost it when she sang \"Tale as Old as Time\" from Beauty and the Beast. Like, wow. And when her backup vocalist came out for the duet, it was like I died and was reborn again. \n\nWhen she performed her encore, \"My Heart Will Go On\", I am pretty sure everyone in the audience got chills. It was such a climatic experience as the center of the stage raised her up on a pedestal and she performed her heart out with rain surrounding her. Just wow. WOW. \n\nThere was not a moment of silence throughout the entire concert, even when she went to go change dresses. Her band and backup vocalists were still going, and entertaining the audience. \n\nWould I see her again? Most definitely, if the opportunity presents itself. Such an absolutely stunning performance. Her vocal range is amazing, and it has not change one bit over the years. Seeing her perform live is such an amazing experience, and definitely worth every penny! \n\nHonestly, wherever you are seated in the audience, even if you're seated up at the very top, you could still feel her amazing presence and talent. If you're ever in Vegas, GO SEE CELINE!!