Henry told me to leave a review so I am finally leaving my honest review...\nOur very first interaction seemed great. I had a slow drip in one of my bathroom sinks. He charged me $120 to fix it, and it seemed as though he did the job quickly. It is my fault for paying him before checking that the problem was indeed solved. It's the sink that I don't usually use so it took me a couple days to realize that it was still dripping. I quickly texted Henry a video of the problem still occurring. He immediately responded that he would need to come out again. \n\nWe set an appointment for a Tuesday afternoon for him to retry to fix the problem. The night before our appointment, I texted him a reminder. He didn't respond, but I just assumed he was busy and still expected him to be on time the next day. The next day, after 20 min past our scheduled appointment time, I texted him again. He then called me and said that we did not have an appointment that day. I put him on speaker so that my roommate could hear our conversation since he was also aware of the situation. I explained to Henry that I in fact had a text from him confirming our appointment date and time. He apologized and said that he could come the next day around 8am. I informed him that my roommate and I both work nights and usually 7am is bedtime for us so that would be difficult. He said that was all he had available so I just agreed to the 8am time. \n\nI had already paid him for a job not yet done, and I just wanted the problem fixed already. So I woke up at 8am the next day...and waited. After an hour passed, I texted Henry. He immediately called me to tell me that he wrote in his notebook that the appointment was for Thursday. I explained that when we spoke on Tuesday, he said that he could come \"tomorrow morning\" and my roommate could also confirm that. He still stuck to his claim that it was scheduled for Thursday at 8am. I was obviously upset, but what could I do? He already had my money. \n\nThe next morning, he showed up to fix my sink. After a couple of tries, he explained that he couldn't fix it and that I needed to buy a new sink. There is no way I wanted to continue business with this guy so I just told him to do what he could and I'll deal with it on my own. Two days later, my boyfriend came over and used that sink to find both handles break off. So not only did I pay $120 for a problem not fixed, I paid and the problem was made even worse. \n\nI do not understand all these positive reviews. Maybe they are for more simple problems? Aside from being a tad bit unreliable with appointment times, if Henry could not solve my problem, he should not have taken my money. The entire situation has me nervous to try any other repair service so the problem still has not been solved. IF ANYONE HAS ANY SUGGESTIONS FOR A GOOD REPAIR SERVICE, PLEASE LET ME KNOW!