You will find Echo & Rig's bright sign shining across from Brio and next to the David Barton Gym in the roundabout area inside the beautiful Tivoli Village.\n\nThis place seemed busy from the get-go. My family and I had arrived 10 minutes late for our 8 o'clock reservation and was sat after a 15 minute wait. \"The first floor included a bar area (only enter if you are over 21 with an ID) and some round tables and chairs. It seemed like a waiting room. The music was already loud. There's a butcher shop downstairs as well.\n\nService 5\/5\nWhen we arrived at our table, we were quickly greeted by the manager, Jason, who was very friendly and explained that he liked introducing himself to people who have never ate at Echo & Rig before. Cool beans! \n\nWe were offered our choice of sparkling or flat water, complimentary, for each person at the table. Jason came back to explain the concept of the restaurant and a rundown of the menu and source of food (everything is fresh, basically!) Great information to know :)\n\nSam was our server and was very friendly as well. Not sure what my dad had asked, but Sam left and came back with a giant trey full of raw meat for the steak options. We ordered the Tomahawk steak, medium rare. \n\nFood: 4.5\/5\nNot sure if they forgot the bread until last minute but the bread came a while after we ordered everything, very close to when the appetizers arrived. Anyhow it was still good as I was starving. The bread comes with very creamy butter. \n\nOur appetizers came shortly after the bread. Per Sam's suggestions, we ordered the Watermelon Tomato Salad and Portobello Mushroom Fries. \n\nThe salad was very different -- yellow and red tomatoes mixed with sweet watermelon pieces topped with a vinaigrette sauce (reminds me of the sauce on mozzarella salads). I didn't love it but found it pretty good. May have to try it again for a real opinion.  The fries were delicious! The green sauce for the fries had a buttery taste to it that just fits perfectly with the mushroom fries. \n\nNext came our entree. The tomahawk steak was done at the most perfect level of \"medium rare\" I have ever seen. My arms had hurt this today (lol arm day!!) so I had a weak grip on everything. Yet without using force, the steak was easily cut into pieces. The four choices of sauce were in the cutest little gravy cups. Great to have these four choices -- my family and I were able to try all the different sauces! The two dark ones I didn't enjoy too much (one was red wine I believe and the other had an A1 Sauce flavor to it). The two light ones were better (one had a slight cheesy flavor and the other had a very rich flavor I couldn't explain, but this yellow one was my favorite). \n\nAccompanying the steak were the side dishes: grilled corn, roasted airloom carrots, and some chip dish I didn't particularly enjoy. The grilled corn was very rich in herbal flavor (something my mom didn't like at all). I'm indifferent about it... Would be wary with ordering this if you don't like strong herb tastes. The carrots were really good, fluffy and soft, with a slight burnt taste that made the overall flavor oddly delicious. \n\nWe ended our meal with one of each seasonal sorbet (and for us, the flavors were peach, blackberry, and grapefruit). Topped with real fruit, I loved this! On the downside, I came here for my birthday but I wasn't able to get a special dessert or anything :( but I can't get everything haha. \n\nWe shared all these dishes between four people perfectly and it was around $40 per person. Not too bad for the price!\n\nColor me impressed! My first experience with Echo & Rig was quite positive. You can count on me to come here again for another occasion and bringing a fellow steak-lover.\n\n--------------------------------------------------\n\nBRUNCH REVIEW\nBottomless mimosas and bloody mary option for $16, which is one of the more affordable bottomless options I've seen. It really was bottomless... our server, I forgot her name (but she was blonde), was so delightful and always made sure to fill our cup. In addition to that, she was hilarious and very interactive with our table. It was also great because they gave the orange juice and champagne separate, giving you the ability to make your mimosas just the way you like it.\n\nMy friend and I both ordered the steak scramble eggs and short ribs to share. Even though we both shared two dishes, we had leftovers. Both were good options though I would opt to try something else on the menu next time. The food is definitely a lot better for dinner but still great to try.