Special MOVEMBER Review!\n\nHow have I missed this place, seriously?!? I have been living on the RIchmond Hill - Aurora border for the last 15 years and I have never seen this place. To be fair they weren't even on Yelp when I searched but somehow appeared on the app, un-reviewed and ready for some Yelp loving.\n\nLocated on Yonge Street just south of Wellington, this little spot is a classic Barber Shop manned by a team of senior European gents in classic barber smock attire. I love walking into this sort of joints as the smell of 2nd hand smoke and barbasole fills my nostrils. It's actually a totally pleasurable smell - no foolin!\n\nNo appointments necessary, just call ahead and let them know you're coming in. You enter, they say hello and you take a seat awaiting your turn. Love Barber Shops in general not just for service and smell but for the chatter: Sports, ladies, cars and then a dirty joke or two that sets the mood for man time!\n\nPlaces like these are really where a man can go and for $18 get a shave and talk about the problems of the world. Pardon me Mr\/Mrs $150\/hr therapist, I know you have a PhD and such but will you shave me? I Dun think soooooo..... Point for Paul's!\n\nThe reason for my shave seeking was the Movember season. I had let a monster of beard grow the last 3 weeks and having a healthy CORNUCOPIA of Italian bristle on my facce - I wanted the shave to be tight and be everything i hoped for. Admittedly while the shave was close and I resemble the backside of a baby at this point in time  there was very little preshave done. I'm used to the pre shave treatment that softens the beard and piping hot towels (mine were warm).\n\nThat aside the shave and conversation were great! I forgot all my pre shave concerns once the first dollop of piping hot shave cream was smeared on my face. two coats and a very meticulous shave later I walked out a Mo Bro ready to go for the Month of Movember to raise money and support their cause of helping end Prostate Cancer and improve Men's Mental Health.\n\nCASH ONLY