3.5 stars to some more great options of 4 stars.  Not going to lie... it's true Kensington in every sense of the neighbourhood.\n\nIf you're willing to look past the rough and gritty exterior, you may find some good tacos here.  Nothing risked is nothing gained and I feel that La Chilaca Taqueria fits that perfectly.  It's in the 'food court' of several Latin American food stalls.  Food court is an understatement... It's more like a disheveled, heavily worn and dirty open non A\/C store that has every stall spilling out into a small room.  It shares the space with 3 other stalls.  \n\nThere are some tables in the back of the dingy place but there's a weird smell emanating from the back as you sit beside several broken old unused glassed counters.  On a crazy hot day, the lack of A\/C makes this insane and feel like an oven.  The open back door to a few more seats barely helps.  The 'kitchen' is really a small stove top and a crammed setting of a kitchen sink and a counter to assemble.  \n\nYou're quickly greeted and told to look up at the menu.  There are daily deals like 2 chorizo tacos for $5 or 4 other tacos for $10.  Each taco is $5 each regardless of the type.  When we went, the carnitas werent ready but they had 8 other ones you could try.  Service here is efficient but I have to admit they were all busy with the World Cup... can't blame them since the entire Kensington (let's be real... Toronto) is watching.  I do have to worry a bit when we overheard the person in the kitchen saying how can they cook this chicken in under 3 minutes... ehhhh wut?  How about cooking it till it's done?\n\nI have to admit the addition of their sauces really perked these up so grab some before taking a bite into them.  The creamy orange one has some good heat that could make you water up a bit if you're not careful.  I wasnt expecting that type of heat and wow, yeah... ice cream was needed to cool my tongue.  What I thought would be the spicy red transparent sauce was actually a tomato one that didn't have any heat and just added a little bit of flavour.  There was also a nice vibrant green sauce that was very good mix of mild jalalpeno, onions, and cilantro.  Totally refreshing to add.\n\nFish Taco - My favourite of the tacos.  The fish pan fried and still tender without being dried out.  This was a stuffed taco... the type where you take a bite and you realize that the sauce and pickled onions are just going to be exploding soon.  The sauce just oozes out onto your hand and you're soon licking your fingers.  The cilantro just gives a nice freshness to it... I know, not everyone likes cilantro but it's good on this one.  Another thing I love about this... they double wrap the taco so they dont fall apart easily AND they toast the corn tortilla up so they're a bit crispy.  Nice one. 4\/5 \n\nVegetable Taco - Soooo I keep ordering Vegetable Tacos and I keep wondering why afterwards.  My search for a good one continues but I learned that tofu and cheese really doesn't work... at... all.  I feel like you do one or the other.  It's just a weird combination.  In addition to those, they had cilantro, pickled onion, and tomatoes. This one wasn't as flavourful so it really benefits from either the orange hot sauce (that will scorch you) or green fresh herb one.  3\/5\n\nChorizo Taco - Another solid taco with the paprika giving the pork a nice flavour.  It was cooked fresh from the sausage and it didnt taste like it was standing in some pot for a few hours.  They garnished with pickled onions and cilantro and helped cut through the rich meat.  I was told this was authentic to the style in Mexico city.  4\/5  \n\nBeef Taco - Maybe I wasn't in the mood for cheese but the beef and cheese one didn't quite work.  As generous as they were with the cheese... I just felt this one was really quite heavy and a bit oily.  The beef was possibly a bit overcooked which made it a bit on the dry side.  I could have added more sauce to it but something didn't quite work as well as the chorizo.  3\/5\n\nShrimp Taco - This was a solid one with small shrimps cooked fairly well.. they werent rubbery or dried out.  Just a nice juicy chew.  They added a spice to it that kept it out of the bland side ... though I have to admit, this wasn't as flavourful as the Chorizo.  This one does work well with a sauce to keep it from being boring.  They did garnish with the usual pickled onions and cilantro.  3.5\/5\n\nThere are some really good tacos coming out of here and made freshly with some in house made sauces that really make the tacos pop.  BUT if you're the type where you're concerned about atmosphere, this might put you off.  Worse case, you can take it to go and eat it while you're walking about Kensington but just bring a few napkins, ok a lot... cause you're going to be leaving a trail of food dripping otherwise!