My review is to supplement Anita I.'s review since we went together.  WHERE DO I START?????????????? It is absolutely amazing that a brand new hotel will go through such great lengths to undermine any hopes you had of having a good time.  You would think that they would have better service than all of the greats along the strip just to steal customers but, although this defies logic, this was simply untrue. \n\nSo, I missed out on the argument...yes argument that the staff had with my friends in assigning a room to us because I got into Vegas late, so lucky for Aria.  But my friends told me that this entire ordeal took quite a while and the end result?  The manager miraculously was able to find a room with two queen beds.   It is absolutely amazing the magic tricks that hotel managers can pull, isn't it?  They should have a Vegas show of their own.  Let's all try to get people to upgrade to a suite for $400 a night but if they don't agree, thennnnn we'll give them what they booked.  \n\nThen my friends attempted to get into Haze...mind you it was pretty late already.  So the girls got swept through a fast line but had to pay $20 each to get in.  The boys on the other hand, were much luckier.  They got to stand in line for an hour at the very front of the line before they were told that the rest of the line would not be getting in the club.  And they didnt' even have to pay to stand in line for an hour, how about that.  Oh but wait a minute, you COULD get in!!!  For the right price!  The Haze people began to ask each party whether they would want VIP passes to get in the club.  When my friends asked how much the VIP passes are, they replied, you name a price and we'll tell you if it's too high or too low.  My question to them would be....is $1000 too high?  I mean is there really going to be a number that's too high?  The girls inside the club were experiencing something similar.  The go-go dancers were straight holding up dollar bills and pointing at them, asking guys to tip them. I understand that City Center was going through tough times and was almost unable to be completed but this is going a little far.  \n\nAfter this amazing experience, my friends went to speak to the management at the hotel and expressed their dissatisfaction in the club.  The management insisted that the club had nothing to do with the hotel and that they were unable to control the way Haze was run.  Understandable.  Nonetheless, Haze is the primary club in Aria and yes, people do associate clubs with hotels.  XS -- Wynn\/Encore, Tao -- Venetian.  Amazing -- Amazing.  So they offered first round of drinks at Gold Lounge.  I mean at this point it was 1 AM and I'm sorry a round of drinks just wouldn't do to alleviate the anger of standing in line for an hour with no avail.  Finally, after much persuasion, they gave buffet comps.  We were able to end the night on a much happier note after that.  \n\nOther than that, the staff there was quite poorly trained.  They all have attitude when addressing customers.  This started with the valet, who just stared at us when we drove up.  We had to say hi to them to get service.  Amazing.  I was asking for directions from one of the staff members.  He had to finish listening to his earpiece before he said to me, \"Go ahead.\"  Like...WOW.  Okay thank you for letting me wait my turn and allowing me to go ahead with my question now.  Nothing like, \"how may I help you, miss.\"  \n\nThe hotel was absolutely gorgeous though.  It was like....going to Hong Kong or somewhere in Asia.  Looming skyscrapers and glass everywhere.  The lobby was a modernistic look along with the casino.  Everything smelled very new.  The hallways smelled like new carpet, not necessarily a good thing.  Our room was very well put together and the room service provided turn down service without request.  Everything can be controlled with a touch of the controls on the nightstand so that was pretty fun. I mean this included turning on and off the lights in the bathroom while your friends were in there.  The alarm clock was very fun also! As we discovered at 10:45 AM when our curtains started opening, all the lights turned on and the TV turned on to the jazz channel. \nAfter gambling, we went to the City Cafe.  I had the corn chowder, delicious with a kick to it!  I also had steak and eggs which was pretty good.  My boyfriend had mac & cheese.  All quite delicious. We had four people and the bill totalled $100, no drinks.  But, it still was quite delicious.  \nAria's buffet...was quite tasty.  With $5 extra, there is unlimited champagne.  The staff dropped two plates while we were there and they were quite responsible.  They had security come over immediately to make sure no one was walking through the area and they cleaned it up immediately.  \n\nAria needs to step up its game if it wants to compete with the big boys.  Customer service...let's say gets a 0. If you don't have to interact with the hotel staff, then I'd say it's a 3.5.