I had to go here to sign the kiddo up for baseball. Before we went, he told me that he didn't like Peter Piper. Whatever, kid, I know better than to believe that EXTREMELY large pile of bologna! You're 5 and your life revolves around playing, napping, and eating snacks, and playing some more!!!!!\n\nAhh to be a kid again!\n\nAnyways, while we were there I figured why not eat? We got a pizza and he got a free pizza (from school). With our pizza we took the survey on the receipt and got 10 free tokens. BOOYA! Well, booya for about 2 minutes - 10 tokens are blown away enough just to wet the appetite of a 5yr old.\n\nNeedless to say, he didn't eat his pizza. He was too flabbergasted to even know what he was doing. In fact, if I had to guess his vision was something akin to someone taking Estacy. I mean... flashing lights, kids running around like they are on cocaine, and most importantly... he wanted to spend MY money.\n\nI kid you not, I'm turning into my mother every day. I never understood why my mom said no to me having fun. Well, it is because the particular type of fun I wanted her to invest in was EXPENSIVE. I mean, $20 for tokens will get you about 15 tickets which will get you a $0.05 Tootsie Roll from the prize department.\n\nI'll tell you what, kid, you sit there and enjoy your pizza and be thankful that you arent still sitting in the car waiting on me... the sheer act of letting you into such an establishment is a gift itself. Since you want to play video games... and eat candy... how about this... how about we roll over to Sam's Club and get a 5lb bag of candy... and you can go home and play whatever game you want on whatever console you want (spoiled kid has access to a XBOX360, a PS3, a Wii, and a computer - I had 5 Nintendos TWO YEARS AFTER the Super Nintendo came out because nobody wanted the NES system anymore!).\n\nBut of course today that isn't cool. He wants to have fun. I lost - mom bought him more tokens. *sigh* I guess I'm the bad guy again.\n\nOn a serious note the pizza wasn't bad (and the kid claims that PP Pizza is the best now, again, whatever) but the tables were filthy. I guess I kind of expected that though.