A GREAT \"EXPENSIVE\" MISTAKE!\n\nI am in a mixed emotions writing this review, for the simple fact that, my and my entire family is so addicted to \"The Farm at south mountain\" and we live very close and we love to see this place grow. However, we've always been there for lunch with family and many other occasions & with co-workers however the my first and only (sadly) experience with Quiessence which is the night time restaurant on the same facility. I had recommended to try this place to my boss (from out of town), who has traveled world and is vegetarian since childhood. I was doubtful to try, because the prices on the menu are on the mid to high range. Anyways, we both sat down and had a decent amount of waiting. The table server was very polite. My boss had done her research when she agreed to try this place and she was looking forward to their sampler, which she read was amazing where u get to try few stuff before ordering (normal right!). Server came with a bread basket and had said, he was sorry because he could not offer the sampler due to the reasons he isn't too sure about but he is happy to take the order. It felt so rushed. We mention about diet restriction and he said they can make pasta dish vegetarian. The ordered arrived and dish was Terrible! I think the fact could be either they haven't tried making a plate with Vegetable broth, OR the fact that they're in rush since we sat down. I had ordered a beat salad, which I was working on, however the lady walked by 3 times asking us if we were done! Look at the quantity served and why rush!?? We simply felt so much rush, we decided to pay, leave the decent tip and have lady take our plates. My boss insisted not to say anything and we left. Later, she told me how awkward she felt there and that she was still hungry that we had to again go somewhere to eat after just finishing up 'fancy' dinner at this place and she hoped I'd call and at least tell them the honest feedback. I had taken a time and call 3 times to highlight the issue. First time spoken with a person called \"Allison\" she was nice but in a denial state of mind from beginning on the call. She later took my cell and assured me she will talk to owners and get back with me. Days goes by and no-call (Expected right!!?). I called again, and tried 5 times, but no one picks up! Tried 3rd time to reach to \"sales department\" and had spoken with a lovely person (didn't catch the name), she said someone will call me on my cell and take care of my case. Guess what, its been almost 2 weeks, and haven't heard a thing!\n\nSad but I had done my part by taking time to reach out to them by many means, but haven't gotten any response. That generally means business DON'T CARE for what customers think! Sad that this is associated with \"Farm\" which is my family's fav place. I had decided to now write this feedback (just to create more awareness), and also talk to my co-workers about it because they rely on my food choices.\n\nMy advice -- Please avoid the place altogether. If you absolutely can't, its complete hit or miss. If your experience is great like some of others, then great! But if not, know that you will not be heard or helped!\n\n\nFeel free to contact me if you want to know my entire experience in detail or share your experiences with this place with me. (480) 818-5529