This place is AWFUL. I have been coming in for more than 10 years. The bulk of the time my experience was excellent. Dr Ellison helped me get over some personal problems and in the 10 years since, I have kept him as my PCP. Zero complaints about him. Caring, optimistic, helpful. \n\nThen, along comes Krystal Cherapan. I don't know what unhappy hell she came from, but talk about a 180 flip. I manage a finance department and have very little spare time, so I just figured I'd tough it out. Just because she has the attitude and demeanor of a prison guard, who am I to judge? So I kept up with her until I got a breaking point. She started messing with the doses as well as making getting a refill like pulling teeth. Forget refills, suddenly I have to come in in person each time. Keep in mind, the two prescriptions I have were both suggested by this office, and I personally cut the dosing to a third of what I used to take. The worst part of my month started being dealing with them. From the several hour wait when forced for come in for a refill visit, to overall crappy attitude and unavailability of Krystal, I think she should consider a career change. Concentration camp guard is more in line with her personality.\n\nYou might think I am being harsh. Especially when you consider her diminutive size. Trust me, I am not. She is like Cerebus, the multi-headed dog guarding Hades. It is a shame that she reflects so poorly on an otherwise excellent practice. However, Dr Ellison is retiring, and somehow she has been left in charge. She should be organizing the next Purge, not dealing with people. \n\nI could write an novel on her deficiencies. I don't have the time. I have to work. But today was the last straw. After 3 weeks of trying to orchestrate a refill on a non-addictive drug that she personally prescribed me, and being assured it would be taken care of by the very helpful front desk ladies, but the ignored by Krystal. She was probably busy in the back drowning kittens or picking the legs off spiders. So I just called and fired her. Don't put yourself in a position where she has power over you. The only possible answer I see to her behavior is that she truly delights in screwing around with people's lives.\n\nThe front desk ladies and assistants are all pleasant and helpful. I feel bad for them that they have to be the face of the office. It's like being the spokesperson for a cigarette company. A difficult position to put a positive spin on. They are lovely and you can tell that this is a common occurrence. \n\nAnyway I recommend that you go anywhere but here. A paraplegic homeless person drunk off his ass on mouthwash and Purell would give you better help than Krystal. As for Krystal, I hear that the prison in Florence is looking for workers. That would be a perfect fit for you!\n\nFor me, I'm going to go ahead and find a normal doctor on my side of town. I am a business professional with a high income. I'm going to find a doctor that values my time and I will stick with him or her. You have been warned. I'm pretty sure that in a past life she was an Iraqi interrogator or something, shoving bamboo spikes under people's fingernails to get information.