If I could give this business zero stars...I would.  I had by far the WORST experience I have ever had in a dental office with Dr. Wright.  I was told through a friend about this dental office, and it sounded promising. I made an appt for the free consult. I have a mild case of fluorosis, it is caused from receiving too much fluoride in the womb or consuming large amounts of fluoride in early childhood (generally 7 or under).  I have been looking into veneers or lumineers for sometime now.  I wanted to meet the doctor first to see if I even wanted him to do such a life altering procedure on my teeth.  His staff is SUPER but Dr. Wright himself is one of the most arrogant, rude and money hungry doctors I have ever had the displeasure of meeting. I suggest NO ONE make Dr. Wright their dentist.  If you want the full story here it goes: \n\nThe staff was quite friendly when I walked in, they kept me company when Dr. Wright took about an hour and a half to see me.  They tried to have me get x-rays taken, but I kindly declined, I said I was just here for the free consult and to ask the doc some questions.  \n\nAfter an unusually long waiting period Dr. Wright came in, clearly rushed and in no mood to talk to a non paying customer.  First he looked at my teeth and told me this was the worst case of fluorosis he had ever seen (I have been characterized as a very mild case by every doctor I have ever seen in my 21 years).  He then asked if I was bulimic.  Now, any bonehead could look up fluorosis and see that it is most certainly NOT caused by an eating disorder and as a young female it made me EXTREMELY uncomfortable to sit in a room with a 'doctor' and  explain to him a very basic dental issue.  \n\nNeedless to say, that didn't make him happy.  He proceeded to tell me that I would have dentures by the time I was 35 and that my teeth were, essentially, beyond repair.  He blamed my parents for not fixing them, saying if they would have done something when I was 13 this could have been prevented.  He told me if I wanted to fix them I would have to go through a two year period of braces and surgeries (seems severe for a mild overbite) and that in all he anticipated it costing 50,000 dollars...or more; to which he looked at me smiled and said \"I'm guessing you don't have that much saved up\". They were extremely interested in how I was going to pay for the procedure, so I had told them I had a little money saved up, because I didn't want the doc to gouge me if I said my parents were going to pay in full. \n\nBy the end of this five minute consult, I was tearing up.  He told me he was sorry but he tells things like they are.  A woman on the staff talked to me and apologized for what he had said and even told me she felt like crying as well. \n\nI have found another FANTASTIC dentist who actually knows his stuff and doesn't make unnecessarily rude comments because he doesn't think I can afford the treatments.  I honestly don't know if Dr. Wright received his degree from Idiot University or just severely lacks any interpersonal communication skills, but either way I suggest you take your money and RUN!!