I went in 12\/8\/17 for a thread lift. I let them know I am on a budget to see what way they would go. I had work done on my chin and eye lids 8 years ago and Mike let me know that I should look into doing the eye lids again. Not why I went in.\nI wanted a cheek threading (to help with the scowl I have) and brow furrows removed. Wellll Mike got fixed on a scar I have in my left eyebrow that has been there since childhood. He also showed me a woman that had a $3000 fat injection that he did to multiple area's of her face and she looked great. At least 10 years younger.\nHe then suggested to start with the \"smokers lines\" around my lips with fillers to help bring my lips back into place. I agreed, not letting him know that it was half ($450) of what I was willing to spend.\nHe prepped me and left the room for the gel to numb my lips. Marry his assistant was in and out of the room also. To top it off someone came in and started talking to Mike about paperwork that needed to be signed ASAP as he was getting ready to start the procedure. Then Mary started talking about someone else that had shown up a little bit late and Mary seemed highly irritated  about that and this person was scheduled before my appointment was supposed to be over. \nI don't see this office as being as professional as alot of the other clients that have been here mention.\nWhat I saw was being a former business owner they overbook themselves like every other doctor's office just in case a cancellation occurs they don't really give the proper attention to the client that is there paying for work to be done.\nWhen Mike finished with me he said look there's no bruising I was like okay bruising as far as I know does not occur immediately or within a few minutes as soon as when he was finished he went out of the room and that was the last I saw of him. Mary came back in and took me over to the desk to pay and then I didn't see her again. Professional courtesy is something I am very concerned about and this office does not seem to have what I'm looking for if I do fillers in my Smoker's lines again.\nI'm just one of the few that is not happy my lips around the outside or still sore a day later and there is a definitive bruising around my entire mouth do I actually see much of a difference no I don't will I ever do this type of filler again no I won't will I go back to that particular office never again and I won't see anyone else there.\nI hope you have better luck than I did and that this was just a fluke good luck.