I'm not as impressed with this here \"2go\" version of Delux as everyone else. Don't get me wrong, I enjoy eating at Delux itself once in a while (including their new turkey burger), but when you sit around waiting for your burger just as long (or even longer, because sometimes they forget about you next door) as Delux itself, \"2go\" really loses the point.\n\nDock a star for the useless lit-up bench-that's-not-a-bench in front of the register. Who was the brilliant mind who designed that? Makes no sense to me whatsoever. \n\nThen we have the ready-to-pick-up cold sandwiches in the fridge, along with sushi from Zen32. Sandwiches and salads run on average in excess of $7. Are you really going to pay $7 for a pre-made sandwich or salad? You're not in an airport waiting lounge (or anywhere in London), so that can't be your excuse . Although D2Go tries enticing folks to buy the sandwiches buy throwing in a free side of potato\/pasta salad. \n\nThere aren't many places to sit and wait here - coupled with the sign that basically says \"Don't even THINK about eating here, mofos.\" Yeah, I knew that already.\n\nSo for me, eh. The cooked food, when I do eat it, is still really good, but there's no point in being in the local vicinity, suddenly getting a Delux craving, walking in here on a whim and ordering a hot dish (vs. calling beforehand). You may as well dedicate yourself to just eating next door, because you'll find yourself waiting and twiddling your thumbs without a drink in hand for at least 30 minutes. The cold, pre-made sandwiches aren't really worth the price (I tried a few). The sides are decent and they offer a selection of cupcakes and other desserts. They also have a hot dog machine, if you want to forgo everything else (I haven't reached that point though - I only save that for Costco). \n\nSo in the end, D2Go is nice in theory, but a little bumpy in execution. If you don't want to wait, buy something from the fridge that's not really worth the price or call an hour beforehand. Otherwise, sit down (but not on the lit-up bench-that's-not-a-bench) and devote your energy to beating your high score on your phone's version of Tetris. It's going to be a while.\n\n2.75 stars (round up to 3).