My plus one and I have been Yelp Elites since 2015 but this event was our first YEE. Since it started at 1 pm, I knew this wasn't going to be brunch brunch. I was looking forward to meeting other Yelpers whose informative reviews and drool-worthy food porns I have liked and FUC'd. We arrived at the venue on time and found a table to sit down. I was waiting for the organizers to say something and get the show started. \n\nWithout any kind of announcement, a waitress started bringing a plate of hors d'oeuvres to our table. One plate for a table of 12 to 15 people, (which grew into a mob scene later) seemed a bit stingy. It also wasn't very helpful that she came over to the table, placed the dish, not a word, then left. What is this called? What are the ingredients in it? Vegetarian? Vegan? Gluten-free? Is this one of popular items on your menu? Any other information to share? \n\nAs the \"brunch\" went on, other Yelpers started crowding our table and the food disappeared at the second it was placed on the table. Pizza slices weren't cut properly so people were grabbing them at the same time to pull them apart and to each have a slice. I think somebody should have voiced his or her concerns right there and then and the organizers could have distributed the samples more fairly. \n\nI would have expected that the owner of Mangia and Bevi make the speech in the beginning. Then, they could have told us what kind of food they prepared for us to try. She did say few words about an hour into the event and announced that they would not be serving more samples. After that announcement, people started to leave and by 3 pm, the place was pretty empty. \n\nThere were lots of options available to the organizers to prevent this kind of \"apocalypse.\" They could have catered to each table, not just dumping a plate at a time at the corner of two tables. OR They could have put all of their samples in one spot and asked people to line up to have their turn. OR If this was more of a networking type of event rather than a sit-down event, they could have let us mingle while servers go around to offer samples to people.\n\nAs for the socializing part of the event, I was able to meet few other Yelpers but I think the organizers could have planned some activities to foster a more open and friendly environment. With all of the above said, I do sincerely thank the organizers for their generosity and efforts in making this event happen. I hope for a better one next time.