Almost without fail the first question I ask when deciding on where to spend my dining dollars is \"How's the beer list?\" And it's not just about length, either. I'm talking an intelligently designed and well thought out mix of brews that works in concert with the menu offerings. Tremont Tap House manages all of the above and more.\n\nTucked away on a corner of Scranton Road in Cleveland's Tremont neighborhood (who knew?) the Tremont Tap House is a wonderful addition to the Cleveland dining and beverage scene. In what I can only describe as an homage to beer and the relatively new art of food\/beer pairing, this place has found an unmet need in our fair city and filled it to overflowing. \n\nFirst things first, the beer. It's clear that the folks at theTremont Tap House worship the stuff and I love it. It starts out with a beer list that has it all - a well-rounded grouping of bottles that's organized by style along with a bevy of useful information (ABV %, brewery, location) and a regularly updated 24-tap draft list featuring a selection of brews that range from the craft brew noob friendly Great Lakes Wright Pils to the palette punching Breckenridge 471 imperial IPA. If you're going to bill yourself as a gastropub you'd better be prepared to walk the walk. No worries here. \n\nThe menu is just as good. A hefty selection of small plates (perfect for noshing with a $10\/4-beer sampler) along with burgers, pizza, sandwiches and hearty entrées make it the perfect companion to a night of malt worship. On the eve of our visit we took a seat outside on the airy patio and proceeded to stuff our guts:\n\nGerman pretzel app ($7.50) - This was the only major disappointment of the meal. I love soft pretzels with my beer and I love them even more when they're done right. A good soft pretzel should be nice and crispy on the outside and soft and doughy on the inside. This one was more like very dry bread than a pretzel. Good thing there was a tasty stout and smoked cheddar dipping sauce to help lube its way down.\n\nBraised pork shank soft taco special ($18) - There's just something about seeing a giant piece of meat setting on a slab of wood with charred bones sticking out that makes me want to grunt and dive right in. Served with all the fixins (pickled onions, shredded cabbage, salsa verde, cilantro and warm flour tortillas) think of this one as a do-it-yourself carnitas. The pork was tender and juicy, the veg was crunchy and fresh and the fingers were perfectly greasy afterward.\n\nChorizo tacos small plate ($10) - As trio of crispy tacos packed with as much flavor as a Quinceañera dinner. The spicy chorizo, balanced well by the cooling goat cheese crumbles and green onions, went perfectly with the charred and diced red pepper salsa. I could have eaten two orders.\n\nJust a small note on the service; it was pretty laid back and no frills. Don't come here expecting to be coddled through the dining process by some effete French nancy extolling the virtues of every last menu ingredient. For the most part I don't care about the name of the farm that made the goat cheese or the fact that the pig I'm about to eat was raised on a diet of Sprite and Nutella. This place is as straightforward as you can get with a team of tatted and industry-worn professionals that will get you what you want without the unnecessary fanfare and overly friendly pomp.  Some may call it rude or curt. I call it Cleveland.\n\nSo what could make coming home after four years of being out of state even better? How about coming home to find out that Cleveland finally has its first gastropub and that they managed to not only be first but to be great right along with it. If you're looking for some delicious upscale pub grub and a beer list that can hold its own against any in the state, get your butt into one of their seats...right...now.