If you're an addicted gambler and you want to cure yourself of your addiction, this is a great place to discourage you from ever gambling again!\n\nI frequent casinos in the valley a lot. Over the last couple of years, i've noticed that Lone Butte has slowly become a stingier casino. I would not be surprised to find out they have all slots set at 60% or lower. The win rates these days are ridiculously dismal. Worse still, for slots fanatics like myself, they've been removing the more fun slots and replacing them with these crappy low payout, low bonus slots. \n\nHell, the last time I won anything decent (a 600 buck jackpot), they still had 2 Universal Pictures Monsters slots and they still had 2 Princess Bride slots, which I suspect got removed because they were paying too well! This was around 2013 or so. I used to spend the same amount of money as today, too. My money used to last a lot longer and they used to not give me any to no freeplay. NOWADAYS I get 20 bucks of freeplay a week, and ZERO wins. I would rather they remove freeplay altogether, but give us the payouts they USED to have. You can't win a damn thing nowadays, it's a waste of time.\n\n100 bucks used to last me a good hour minimum. Now it lasts me 8 minutes if i'm lucky, and that's including the crappy freeplay. And they don't even have any slots worth playing anymore. This is kind of a problem in the entire valley, all of our local casinos are getting rid of the 'fun' slots and replacing them with these crappy no-percent win slots with one-lousy-give-your-money-back bonus game every 1000 bucks you play type games.\n\nLone Butte hasn't been fun to go to since at LEAST the time they had the Race for the Gold slots and compared to years long past, I am not winning at ALL these days. What happened? Did they just decide that letting people win costs too much? Well, I am getting bored with never winning, I mean I EXPECT to lose most of the time, but I'd like to actually last some time and get entertainment as well as dream of 'the big one'... but when 'the big one' is my money back at best? I'd rather save up and go to vegas. At least there, they'll have the slots I actually enjoy playing. These guys have some sort of weird chinese baby fetish. 90% of their low payout, crappy winrate slots feature either bearded chinese men or ugly chinese cartoon babies, all laughing at turning your 20 dollar bills to ash in a minute worth of play.\n\nIn short, this place is not fun to go to, avoid like the plague. I don't even know what alternative to recommend for slots fans. These people have no clue what fun slots are like nor do they care. Their 5-1000$ freeplay scheme (where you always get 5 bucks, and your chance of getting the 1000 is 0 out of infinity) is a joke and I suspect it's a huge reason the slots suck these days.