Just heard \"Lean Like a Cholo,\" so now I have to write about this club, because that song was the last thing I remember playing while I was dancing there on a fluorescent glass paneled floor with a whole bottle of Grey Goose in my hand from the icebucket of some \"V.I.P.\" lawyer who was determined to screw a friend of my friend (thanks, guy).\n\nThe next morning was like the movie \"The Hangover\" - some of us were missing, some of us were randomly spooning, someone was on the floor with no pants, my wallet was missing (but later, the good old Wynn found it by the SLOT MACHINES and sent it to me with not a thing out of place!), a person ralphing in the bathroom might as well have been Mike Tyson's pet tiger, and I gagged as I instinctively scarfed down my leftover truffle oil macaroni and cheese from the Palms the night before. Differences from the movie: luckily, we didn't owe money to any druglords, nor were any of us married to strippers. Also it was January, so no one got fried by the sun on the roof while we looked for them. UNluckily, we didn't get to jack a copcar when we had to double-time it to get to our next stop - The Grand Canyon - before dusk.\n\nRewind...we had started out at some inferior club - who honestly cares where it was or what it was called, but it was in the Venetian, I think, in the part that looks like a glorified mall. All I remember is that we spent about an hour in a b.s. cordoned-off line with what looked like a bunch of local high schoolers. Once we finally got in, we froze. Even if we had wanted to proceed, we couldn't - we were packed boxcar-style into the hideously red-lit place whose desecrating Asian themed decorations made me feel like I was watching the climactic fire scene from \"The Last Emperor\" while sick on opium.\n\nOnly then did the doofuses we were with pull out glossy fliers that said ladies got in for free at Blush (this was a Saturday night). So we hobbled a few blocks in heels into the glossy Wynn. From outside, the place looked small - loungelike, almost. Oh well, we figured we'd get a couple drinks then bounce. Getting in was sooo easy, so I don't know why everyone is mentioning a cover. Come to think of it, I don't remember buying  a single drink, either...needless to say, we never left...\n\nThis place is how to do Vegas right; tacky, glitzy, costless for ladies, and apocalyptically alcoholic.