tl;dr It tries really hard to be a restaurant that's taken seriously AND a sports bar where you can let loose, and ends up being below average in every category except square footage. No, the beer doesn't make up for it.\n\nOh, are you about to read the entire review? I like you. \n\nI can't quite put my finger on why the northwest valley is prone to having less than mediocre nightlife. It feels like everything cultured, classy, and crazy ventured off to Roosevelt, Scottsdale, and Mill, respectively. All of those areas have reputations, and the Arrowhead area is just a wasteland of chained restaurants, young parents trying settle down and put their ASU days behind them, and simple, blue collar workers who don't wanna live further south cause...ya know...\n\nBut what we really want to explore here is whether this fresh, new bar, which has been flaunted on local news can be a watering hole that hangs with the concepts it shares similarities with, such as Angel's Trumpet, Yard House, or Mellow Mushroom. So we'll look at beer, food, and environment. \n\nThe beer selection, which is supposed to be the main attraction here, is really a huge disappointment. Okay, they've got the basic Bud\/Miller\/Coors. Then the local brews from Four Peaks that pretty much everyone else does. I'm happy to see San Tan this far west, but that's nothing to write home about. Then we've got Widmer, Deschutes, and Leinenkugel...hey, wait a second. Did management pull the inspiration for this beer selection from an aisle in Safeway?\n\nHere's some advice. Rotate in more brews like Green Flash IPA, which is well-known to beer snobs, yet accessible to everyone else. All but maybe 5-6 really popped out to me as something I don't see everywhere else. Another option is to get lesser-known brews from really popular breweries. The only example I see of this is the Deschutes Red Chair (which I had), which you can't get just anywhere. Even local brews like Raj and Sex Panther are hard-to-find compared to their more mainstream siblings. \n\nFinally, the pricing of the beer doesn't make sense. Heineken and Newcastle are by no means \"Super Premium\" brews that warrant charging a buck more than almost everything else. I LOL'd hard, and it shows someone upstairs doesn't know what they're doing.\n\nOkay, I need to talk about something more positive: The layout. Everything is new and shiny. There's a pool table and a giant couch, room to socialize that you wouldn't expect from a restaurant like this. That sets it apart a little bit from the restaurants that boast dozens of taps, but are sitting and bar room only. Pretty cool. \n\nI admittedly haven't tried much of the food, especially when they messed up pretzel sticks of all things. It's a simple bread with an \"IPA cheese sauce\". Bread had WAY too much salt, with only a hint of flavor. the sauce itself had a curdled texture, indicating it was prepared incorrectly and at too high a temperature. It should have paired well with my smooth IPA, but was disappointing. I scanned the menu for other options, but it all looked generic...well, except for a buffalo chicken quesadilla. Sounds good, but I wasn't trusting their culinary expertise enough at the moment. \n\nFinally, I've gotta have a few quick remarks about value. Prices are average. The happy hour looks legit, but 11pm is kinda sorta late for a Sun-Thurs reverse HH. When it starts at 10 everywhere else, that hour could be the difference in getting the business of someone partying early in the work week. \n\nOverall, there are some positive things to say about Draft House, but besides the vast space, everything is average at best. If I want to try new beers, there are better places to do so down the road. If I want to shoot pool and watch sports, I can get that elsewhere on Bell. As for food? You picked the wrong street to open up shop on if you can't cook. I'll give it another try eventually, but I'm in no hurry.