I guess coming from the \"live music capital of the world\" I've seen how a number of clubs and venues work. The Marquee is NOT how one should work.\n\nI just went to my first show there and I can tell you... unless there's something I can't miss I'm not likely to return.\n\nFirst off... parking? Hello? \"We are not allowed to allow people to park in this lot but if you go over to the parking garage ($5) around the corner you can park there...\" Uhhhh.... if you can't let people park in that other lot then why is it half filled? Idiots.\n\nSecondly, how hard is it to put up some signs indicating a line for will call and the line for purchasing tickets? When I arrived it was a complete mess with no one (including myself) around me knowing where to go. I got in one line that didn't move, asked staff who didn't know and finally overheard someone say that another line was doing will call. Seriously? Organize, people! It isn't that hard.\n\nWhatever... I have tickets in my hand. Time to go in! Yay! Say what? I have to get patted down? WTF is this? Last time I had to do that was in Boston when I went to see RHPS at the Harvard theater. That's a little different though (not to mention security was actually... GASP ... friendly there). People go in there with all kinda of stuff. But this? I've actually never once had to take my shoes off, get patted down, and be barked at like I was last night.\n\nThe sound was meh. I've heard worse in some Boston clubs but I've CERTAINLY heard better.\n\nI can't comment on the bars as I don't usually tend to drink anymore when I go out to shows. Most venues are rips offs when it comes to that and I've come to expect that. Maybe I'm just getting old. Who knows.\n\nIt got pretty warm though now and then until they opened some doors on the side about 10-15 minutes before the show ended. My guess is the usual tactic ... drive up drink sales. At least it wasn't so warm as to make me leave (Deep Ellum in Dallas.... I'm thinking of you). \n\nThe sloping of the place does allow one to have a better chance of seeing the stage, I will admit. Nice touch. I don't think it causes any more back pain than anywhere else. Standing on a concrete floor for hours hurts in the end no matter where you are. But the space is at least better that a lot of clubs I've seen (Emo's in Austin... I'm thinking of you now).\n\nSadly the Marquee continues to convince me that the Phoenix area is devoid of decent music support (live or record stores). Ho hum. :(