I was excited to finally make it to a Thomas Keller property, having reach much about The French Laundry and Per Se.  We made it there for Sunday Brunch, which other reviewers has commented was terrific.  Unfortunately the experience did not live up to the reputation, and I'm wondering if the trend of super Chefs opening outposts in Las Vegas isn't fraught with peril.  Perhaps the local talent base doesn't support the aspiration and instead leaves us with a watered down version of greatness.  Sort of a parable for Vegas itself?\n\nThe restaurant itself is lovely, and we snagged a nice table outside on the patio, which was a beautiful, calm oasis.  Unfortunately things kinds of came off the rails shortly after this as a series of service and cooking gaffes made me wonder if the staff was perhaps a bit hung over from the previous night's escapades?\n\nWe ordered Oysters to start, then Croque Madame and Quiche for mains.  Approximately 30 minutes after placing our order the mains arrived.  As the Oysters has not yet arrived, we sent them back and asked for the Oysters.  The runner who brought the food did a good job of realizing the error, taking the food away without argument and sending over the manager. The manager also did a good job of being appropriately upset by the miscue, promising it was not up to their standard, and comped the offending oysters (which turned out to be quite good when they finally arrived).\n\nHopefully smooth sailing from this point forward.  No such luck.  The Croque and Quiche arrived.  The Croque was absolutely delicious and perfect.  The Brioche toast that underlay it was a triumph.  However the Quiche was luke warm, not hot.  At this point we'd waited long enough and were starving so the issue was registered with the manager but the quiche (which was otherwise delicious) was eaten.  \n\nFinally, in an attempt to redeem the challenging meal we ordered the Beignets.  They too arrived cold (not even warm) and were uninspiring.  An unfortunate end to an error prone meal.\n\nSince most of the other reviews raved about the service I can only assume that our experience was an anomaly, but I have nothing else to gauge Bouchon with.  I'll give Bouchon another try on my next visit to Vegas, but in the meantime this was not the experience I expected, or to which I believe Bouchon aspires.  Hopefully the poor beleaguered manager, who did his best to address a bad situation, succeeds in rectifying the issues.