Okay, the last time my family went here it was a disaster.... But i wasn't hungry for Chinese buffet so we thought we would give them one last try... My son in the car begging us not to go... Should've listened to him!\n\nI can't even start to explain how unbelievably FILTHY this place is! The tray they give you on the way in to put your drinks on had food on it and was all wet...... Then walk to the dishes to start this friggin nightmare.... Had to go through so many forks and spoons to find one that doesn't have food and nasty on it..... Then to the food bar..... Looking through.... Everything was UNBELIEVABLY FILTHY! Lettuce had food all through it.... Dressing had food like olives and croutons floating on the top, and the dressing was all over the outside of the crocks... On all of them..... Nasty food all through the different crocks that had other foods you put on your salad... Well i decided i would skip the salad and go for the other stuff... So i walked over there....\n\nFILTHY!!!!!!!! Old food that looked like it was sitting there for days.....i saw they just put out some chicken so bolted over there to get something fresh.... Took back to table.... My son brought these old old pancakes over.... They were so old and dried out he couldn't cut it with a fork.. Had to use a knife... He's like ewwww what's that, pointing to something nasty on his pancake...i said it's prob a bug.... He said, dad, did you see the chocolate fountain? I said God no... I won't go near that thing from the last time we were here... He said you gotta look at it....i walked over and it was all dried out.... Dried Chocolate spattered everywhere!!! I mean freaking NASTY! \n\nWife gets to table and was grossed out because some lady was putting lettuce on her plate with her bare hands!!! Haha... Now it started getting funny because it was one thing after another....i went up again and saw a guy that was working there dump cooked broccoli in the bin and guiding it in with his other hand, that had a freaking band aid on his finger!!! So i get back to the table and tell my family and they are busting up laughing because it's so damned disgusting!!!\nOk here's the clincher..... We are all sitting around the table still discussing how Groce this place is, and all of the sudden my son looks over to the carpet and yells... Is that toilet paper???? I looked over and started busting out laughing.... Freaking toilet paper about three feet long just laying in the middle of the floor.... And nobody picking it up!!. People.... DO NOT EAT HERE!!!! I WILL NEVER EVER EVER EVER EAT HERE AGAIN!!!!  I said to my wife and son when we were leaving, at least we got some great laughs out of all of this! My son said at least they have a gallon jug of sanitizer here to use!! (It was full to the top as no one was using it!) It was so damned FILTHY it was comical....i felt like i was in an episode of Sanford & Son!!! Freaking awful! Wish i could give it a zero!