Beer Park is one of the most unique spots for sports fans in Las Vegas.\n\nFirst, the view of The Strip and the Bellagio fountains (although blocked by the trees across the street) is outstanding. \n\nSecond, you really have to know where you're going to find it...and then even find the entrance. (Getting out and into the main casino floor of the Paris hotel is much easier) This isolates it from everything else and it is kind of an escape from the normal Vegas vibe.\n\nIt is basically a ton of picnic tables and bars, while you can also sit at a counter top overlooking Las Vegas Blvd or use the patio furniture seating near the pool tables.\n\nThis is a place where locals hang out and not necessarily the big gamblers. I'm guessing roughly 80% of the people here on the opening NFL Sunday were locals and about 1\/3 of them were clearly Raiders fans, with the Eagles running a clear #2.\n\nEven at 11am, it was warm in here. However, despite being outdoors, virtually every seat is covered from the sun and there's a calculated effort to keep the place comfortable despite not having air conditioning.\n\nThey have a lot of TV's, but honestly they could use another 6-8 of them and buy them a little larger. Either that or take a few that you have, split them up and scatter them around to more of the table seating. This is a bar where you should be able to see the game from any seat, but currently there are bad spots to sit if that is your primary purpose for being there. \n\nTremendous beer selection, but you're going to pay handsomely for it. Food prices are more in line with what you would pay anywhere else for casual dining in Vegas. Therefore, you might want to just watch the game relatively sober, enjoy a quality lunch and then play the tables to get your drink on for free after your game is over.\n\nAs much as I love Las Vegas, I also love places in Vegas where I can escape Vegas for awhile. This is one of those spots, although the views on three sides or straight up toward the Eiffel Tower will quickly remind you of where you are.