I happened to stumble upon the infamous Shake Shack while on a family vacation to Arizona and so when I saw this I was so excited to finally get the chance to try it out without having to go to the east coast!  \n\nBeing from California I've only known of In and Out (and other burger joints smash burger....burger lounge etc) and I've read several comparisons between Shake Shack vs Five Guys vs In and Out.  Upon reading the menu there were several items to choose from.  All their ingredients are all natural no hormones no antibiotics etc etc the new trend in \"natural\" foods.  They use a potato bread which is very soft and in addition to the burgers they have chicken options as week as a shackago-dog.  Shake shack has several shakes to choose from in addition to the standard chocolate, vanilla and strawberry flavors and they sell several custard dessert concoctions to satisfy anyone's sweet tooth craving!  Shake shack also serves a variety of adult beverage options.  I loved shake shack's fries probably because I love crinkle cut fries even though some may say it's similar to eating them straight from a bag of frozen crinkle cut potatoes from the grocery store.  I feel like I'm betraying In and Out by saying that since they have the fresh cut in house fries!  To each their own!  Everyone has their own opinion right?  Shake shack's cheese fries are good but it just tastes like cheese whiz to me nothing fancy but I enjoyed this also!  The meat patty was so juicy and definitely a lot bigger than the other fast food joints.   However, it wasn't as flavorful as other burgers I've had at other fast food joints.  Nonetheless I still did enjoy the burger.  A little pricey in my opinion for the burger, fries and a drink (~$10+) but I guess it is what i would expect or a place that sells fresh high quality ingredients.  I love love loved their strawberry mint lemonade which was their featured flavor of the month.  I hope they open one in San Diego soon because I would definitely want to have it again!