WOW.=- I won a prize! I called the hotline for the promotion, and found out I won 3 prizes guaranteed! One of the prizes was an i pad, the other a vacation, and then a cheesy scratch ticket (which we all know is a joke anyways). Needless to say, after talking to the rep, who congratulated me on my prize, She told me it was a thank you for taking the time to stop by the dealership and check out future models to purchase-If not now, down the road. I was excited! I had always wanted an i pad, and besides, the last time I went to one of these dealership gigs, I won a DVD player. (how cool is that?) oh wait. maybe I didn't. (I can't remember) anyways, When I get there, there is a swarm of sales reps in white t-shirts just standing there gawking, nothing better to do I guess. I tell them I am there to see Dave. I am sent back to see Dave. Dave looks at me, and says, do you owe anything on your car? (no) are you interested in buying a Toyota? (maybe) do you want one of our associates to show you some vehicles? (yes). He then takes my lucky number and says oooo, I am sorry! you have not won the i pad but here is this vacation package, and two scratch off tickets.While I was reading the fine print on the 'stupid vacation package,' I am fuming because that is not what I was told I had won, but then he shows me the number insisting that he is riiiight, (what am I going to do. argue?) He then dismisses me to his salesperson who is supposed to show me some vehicles, and hands me a bottled water. \"I am sorry I came in today.\" I say. \"oh- he says, well we don't have to view the cars.\" seeing this as my exit-stage-left I say, \"alright! I can think of a hundred places I would rather be right now, than touring a place that cheats people out of prizes, oh and btw, My husband and I were looking for a new car, and we have decided we will not be buying it here!\" I resisted the urge to rip up the vacation package and fake tickets into teeny places, and throw them like confetti into the air. As I am leaving the juggernaut dealership, I do manage to cheer at the gaggle of salesmen in white t-shirts and ties-In a sarcastic tone. \"Hey look! I just drove 20 miles here, for a bottled water! how awesome! I didn't have one of these at home either!\" when I got home, the scratch off tickets were of course, LOSERS. I don't think anyone wins those from the dealership. right? but, I still have the vacation, RIGHT? (not really! )It isn't free, I didn't win anything, and I am forced to only vacation in a couple of locations while paying for my own airfare, and\/or forced to pay for a 7 nights stay. No worries, The promotion is thankfully already over, but it just goes to show that car dealerships are still the place you want to avoid when buying,selling,repairing or anything else, because they will just rip you off if you let them on scams like this. This is a warning I guess, because I am sure they will pull this stunt in the future as dealerships do- save your gas money, and It isn't even worth the time to drive there.