I saw the Titanic exhibit first when it was across the street at the Tropicana then again in 2010 in its new home at the Luxor. The setup is pretty identical, so if you enjoyed it some years back, nothing much has changed.\n\nDeals are easy to find, and before paying full price be sure to ask if there are any. The box office staff declined any knowledge of the local teacher discount that had just been advertised district-wide, but then I was asked if I had a library card. \"Oh, then you get that discount instead.\" Okay... Anyway, the discount ticket booths also have reduced rates if you don't hear or read (such as in the tourist mags) about something else.\n\nOthers have explained the museum's process and contents well, so I'll just add a few tips: \n\nDo try to visit when crowds are quieter - such as during the week (but perhaps call and ask how it's looking). Several moments will come up where you will want to relish the power of history and this loss. You may want to look at artifacts in detail. Crowds diminish both of these experiences, and you don't want to find yourself skipping exhibits to bypass the surges of people. \n\nIf you're a member of the Extra Chinny-Chin-Chin club like me, try to get a lower stair when the photographer takes your picture on the mock Grand Staircase. The upward angle he\/she shots from doesn't do many people a favor. (I think they're trying to recreate that sense of James Cameron's camera whooshing up the staircase, but the end result is \"look at the bellies everyone is trying to hide under their shirts.\") \n\nSkip the gift shop if you've just come from the exhibit. They sell Titanic-shaped ice cubes, and if the museum has touched you at all, you're not going to want to see how this tragedy is being merchandised. (Good items are for sale, too, good for people who are simply interested in or fascinated by the sinking, but you can visit the gift shop at any time. I'm just saying that you may be a bit disgusted if you go right after finding out if the person on your boarding card survived.)