I'm a fan of any place that will feed my most gluttonous urges within about 8 minutes of sitting down.\n\nThe food here is staunchly middle of the road, but as far as that goes, they execute average food flawlessly and consistently, if that makes any sense. \n\nYou see, Montreal has several breeds of smoked meat. Schwartz's, The Main, and Smoked Meat Pete offer customers the dry, deep red authentic smoked meat that I crave and prefer above all. This is the real deal and it's hard to find. The fact that it cannot be procured in downtown Montreal is a sad statement. After these establishments, everyone else including Reuben's, Dunn's, and Lester's serves a second version I refer to as \"wet\" smoked meat. (Dunn's used to serve the real deal smoked meat described above but they switched to the generic version about 10 years ago. Yes, I noticed.)  The product may still be hand carved, but this ubiquitous version of meat is characterized by deep steaming, consistently thin pink slices, and a generic salty and peppery taste. There is nothing wrong with this. It will scratch your itch but it's still not the old school smoked meat with subtle flavours that make you feel like you are taking a bite out of St. Lawrence boulevard circa 1955. Snowdon Deli is a satisfying hybrid of the two genres, but that's another review for another day.\n\nAnyhow, this Reuben's deli located on St. Catherine has been renovated several times over the years and charges 20-25$ for a smoked meat and fries. Fine, take my money and give me my \"drugs\". That is kind of the attitude I take when I'm really hungry. Don't get distracted by their huge menu. Get a smoked meat sandwich or a Reuben. Honourable mention goes to their club roll piled high with stuffed chicken, salami, and smoked meat all served grilled on a roll. Order it with a slice of swiss cheese. Fries are slightly above average. Just to blend in with the tourists, I ordered a smoked meat poutine for 13 dollars. What a sad dish. A poutine should be the size of my head with no exceptions. This one was served in a small bowl with microscopic chopped smoked meat. It was alright, but could have used a coarser chop on the smoked meat and a larger portion to share. They ought to walk around the corner to La Belle Province on Peel. They'll show you how to build a poutine that will take a guy down for the count. Come to think of it, most spots in this city serve their poutines in meal sized portions; Especially when charging 13$ for them.\n\nMy wife got the chicken caesar salad with dressing on the side. Bless her heart. Anyhow, if you are trying to catch a movie or an event at the Bell Centre, this place is fast and predictable. You can depend on Reuben's.