So I found this place one time when i was needing to kill some time driving around, looked like a neat place so I decided that my wife and I could go back sometime and have drinks\/food sometime. Well that time came and the two of us plus a couple of friends met for dinner. First of all I really like the look of the place-if I were to have a restaurant\/bar this would pretty much be what I would design it to look like. Secondly I really like their vast beer selection, the bartenders now how to make a drink-all that is good. Service was top notch, we never had a point where we were hunting for a server. Now, for the food-I gotta say was pretty much a disappointment. I felt as if we were eating good cafeteria food. I got the pork chop the was to have some sort of horseradish sauce covering it and then have green beans with bacon and shaved parm  and red skin mashed potatoes on the side. (most of the entrees had this as the side). First the chop was boneless and was to be roasted though it seemed as if it had been on the grill (which I wouldn't have minded) but the cut of the chop wasn't even so I had one side that was thick cooked medium and the smaller side was thinner and cooked well. Now I don't mind a medium pork chop, I prefer it actually but lets be consistent here. I asked for the horseradish sauce on the side and i'm glad I did as it was cold almost like a salad dressing. Okay flavor but I wouldn't want it smothering my chop.  Secondly the green beans were obviously canned. They threw some bacon bits on top, some pre-grated parm on top and voila, right? The potatoes were probably the best part with the exception that they were a bit runny and needed some salt and pepper added. The potatoes bled into both the chop and the beans and I'm not a fan of all my food co-mingled prior to entering my stomach. The food wasn't so bad that I couldn't eat it, it was as I find in a lot of restaurants more often than not (that are not chains) that with very little extra effort (and money) that the food could go from \"Eh\" to \"Wow, this is great!\" Unless JT is having some major financial troubles and trying to stay afloat, I would say a little extra effort is needed. We will probably go back eventually but I'll be a little choosier as to what I get. I really hope this place takes a few cues from my suggestions and goes forward.