I had an online coupon for a $10 one-topping 16\" pizza. I went through their ordering menu, making two switches from the defaults - hot marinara instead of their classic sauce, and mozzarella cheese instead of their house blend. When I went to check out, I saw that the system was charging my substitutions as extra toppings. I clicked back to make sure these items weren't premium\/\"double\" toppings and they weren't. I decided to call the store, as most places can solve issues with coupons, etc. over the phone.\n\nI let the person who answered the phone know what was going on and they said it shouldn't be a problem to add the coupon from their end. When she entered my order, the same thing happened - it was charging me for extra toppings. She verified that these changes shouldn't incur an extra charge, and wondered if the issue came with it being a temporary coupon. I could hear her typing for a bit, then she said she can't alter the price in the system. She then asked if I was okay paying extra. I declined; yes, $13ish dollars is still a pretty good price for a large pizza, but the whole reason I was ordering was for the deal. \n\nA similar situation had occurred with another location but without the use of a coupon; I tried to sub the same things in a calzone and when I called the store the woman said no problem. She didn't quote me a price and when the bill arrived I saw they had charged me extra for the substitutions. The couple of dollars wasn't worth calling back for, but that tells me it's not just for \"temporary coupons.\" I let the woman on the phone know, and she acknowledged but didn't offer to pass it on. She also didn't offer to get a manager to override the price. She was very nice and did try to solve the problem, but didn't take the next logical step (unless she was the manager, but then there should be some creative problem solving). \n\nAm I being a total cheapskate? Yes. However, if it's happening to me at multiple locations, that means everyone else is being charged every time they modify their pizza, too. This is a special bummer because their motto used to be that they would do pretty much anything to make your pizza perfect, even if it wasn't a standard option.\n\nAs far as the food itself goes, this location is so-so. I started ordering from here last year to my boyfriend's east-side apartment and while it was fine it just seemed a little more run of the mill than my gold standard for GN, the University Avenue\/Whitney Way location. Delivery was slower, portions smaller, and things leaned to the overcooked side.