Restauranting is not for the faint of heart. It takes grit, location, street-smarts, perseverance, flair, capital, wisdom, taste, charisma, luck, and most importantly, talent (many more, but this is a review, not a how-to for wannabes). As the owner, if you're lacking in any of these, you have to know it, and then have the humility to contract out to get the best. I really want to give Maizie's a chance: I've been there 5 times, but when it comes down to it, I have to remind myself that the reason I go to a restaurant is to EAT EXCELLENT FOOD. Unfortunately Maizie's fails to deliver in this most important category.\n\nMy first visit was amusing, but not impressive. I decided to test their reputation for good burgers. I like my meat juicy and red, so after discussing the preparation of the stuffed varieties, I settled on a cheeseburger with the cheese on top of it. Side of fries and nothing special there; typical flavored salt sprinkle you can get at Chili's.\n\nNext time had the goat cheese pizza. I know that's not the real name, but after three bites, the power of the cheese covers everything else. I've heard of featured ingredients, but SHEESH! Next time was for snacks, so I got to enjoy the corner sofa and relax with a cocktail and the shrimp dippers. Nothing special.\n\nNext visit I had this buffalo wing cheese thing, but without the chicken (it's supposedly ground up inside the cheese). Right. That's what I said too when I read the menu. It comes off like that midnight snack you throw together but don't care that you're missing the key ingredient, like cereal with orange juice or a peanut butter and mustard sandwich. In this case, missing the chicken wings, it was probably a can of tuna that \"inspired\" this recipe. The tureen of spicy cheese is served amidst a plate full of multi-colored (but not freshly made) corn chips and warmed pita triangles. Not enough of the pita breads, so we asked for more, but had to pay extra for them. (I hate that!)\n\nThe antipasto salad is served in a gigantic wooden salad bowl and really makes you feel like a pig to have it placed in front of you. I know you can prepare a salad in a bowl, but please serve it on a plate, and in a portion appropriate for the one person ordering it. Otherwise, say \"serves two\". Please! It's drowned in red-wine vinegar. This would not normally be a problem if it were soaked up by a toasted hoagie roll, but that much vinegar should only used for large mopping jobs. I could have made this myself with a packet of pepperonis not even separated into individual slices, but just cut in half and dumped in the bowl.\n\nIf you happen to go, head back to the bathroom and if you find yourself waiting for it to be free, you'll be staring straight into the 8x10 closet that is the kitchen. Very tight quarters is no excuse; look what Chris Bianco does in that little corner of his old firehouse garage bay!\n\nI really don't want to write off Maizie's, but I'll need to hear that they've hired (read contracted out for) someone with the TALENT to put ingredients together in a very special way. Until then, I won't be back.