This review is on the market itself, not really the food court. I was first led here out of simple laziness. I was invited to a bbq and Hawaii style dictates try never to show up empty handed. Being too lazy to make something, I sought out the nearest Korean market since they almost always have marinated meats. So glad I was forced to come here! \n\nFirst off, the parking lot has slanted parking spots. As anyone who's been to Chinatown knows, Asians can't reverse for sh*t. Hey I'm not as bad as some, but sadly I'm included in that generalization. It's nice to shop w out worrying about some little old lady w a minivan backing I to your car.\n\nThe store is very clean since it's still pretty new and hopefully will stay that way. They have a great selection of produce, but sadly the quality is lacking. I got super excited about a box of dinosaur egg pluots by the entrance, but every single one was overripe. \n\nThe seafood section isn't as extensive as other Asian markets in town, and nothing live swimming in tanks. But that's usually in Chinese markets, not so much w Korean ones. \n\nOn to my reason for being there - the meat dept! Large selection of cheap marinated meats and everything I've tried so far was great. Spicy pork isn't too fatty and has great flavor, although I don't consider it spicy at all. I usually add more garlic chili paste before cooking it. Bulgogi is pretty good, but may not be marinated long enough since flavor wasn't really set in. Same with kalbi ribs, which were also extremely fatty. Yes I know the cut is supposed to have marbling, but this was excessive. \n\nThey also have ready to fry tonkatsu (pork cutlet) and chicken katsu. Katsu is simple to make, but creates such a mess I hate it. Awesome to have this option. They must season the meat because it has flavor even w out katsu sauce. Spicy chicken is just ok, teri chicken is flavorful and so juicy.\n\nTheir regular meat section has cuts of varying quality including some beautiful and expensive kobe beef. Next to that is a small hot and cold prepared food section. The best thing there is the beef pancake. Its a beef patty w carrots and other veggies mixed in, dipped in egg and pan fried. Its like a patty version of meat jun. Whatever it is, just get it. FYI - the label simply said beef on mine. \n\nGreenland has the best selection of Korean snacks, nori, instant soups. It seems to be the only place that carries my fav potato noodle soup. \n\nLadies at check out are quick and friendly, although they always talk to me in Korean. I respond by staring back blankly....  \n\nI've only tried the homemade fried mandoo at island style. Its just like my Korean aunty used to make, and love that I can also get Hawaiian sun juice w it.\n\nThis market is pretty damn awesome, but I still prefer SF market (spring mtn\/decatur) for my produce, seafood and spices since Greenland is solely Korean.