This is disgusting. You made another one to trick more people with your abusive psychopathic dentists. Their original account is called CARLTON DENTAL right now when it was College Dental before. Check it out if you want the real reviews. The reviewers of Carlton Dental include College Street Dental on their reviews. I didn't expect Yelp to support this kind of blatant abuse of their website and rating system.\n\nHere's what I went through at College Street Dental:\n\n-My right jaw hurts a lot and my doctor told me to check to a dentist because he\/she probably knows better about dental disease\n\n-Made an appointment for a check-up. Came a bit late because my class ended 15 minutes longer that day. The nurse picked me up and brought me to the chair.\n\n-I told her what my other doctor told me. She did a 10 seconds check and found nothing wrong. Then, proceed to drill my teeth. I asked her why was she drilling my teeth on the same position as my painful jaw and I pointed it to her that I only want a check-up. She said, \"Well, the schedule says it's cleaning.\" I felt weird when she said that, like is she deaf or something. I specifically told her that my jaw hurts. I could taste blood on my mouth and she said that my gum seems to be a BIT sensitive. Of course it's sensitive, my JAW is in PAIN.\n\n-I told her that I didn't want the cleaning because my jaw is in pain. She said, \"Well, we might have to freeze you.\" I asked her what that was and she answered, \"Oh you know, shots. Probably a couple shots to numb you.\" I panicked after that and just kept repeating that I didn't want it.\n\n-She called a female dentist not long after that. The dentist ignored my explanation of my jaw and just called me childish for not wanting the shots. She just went on and on with her bully and verbal abuse. She tried so hard to convince me by saying that she would just clean half of my teeth while at the same time, verbally bullying me. The nurse just sat there, ignoring me. I have no experience with such DISGUSTING ABUSE and just sat there, silently CRYING because of the pain and hope that the nurse finished whatever she was doing to my teeth faster. Obviously, the nurse knew that I was crying because she said, \"Hold on, I'll be done soon.\" After that, she just gave me a free tooth brush and I went home with both my jaw in pain.\n\n-Before this horrible abuse, I had 2 wisdom teeth taken care of. When a male dentist tried to sew my gum, he accidentally sew the gum to my cheek. I can still feel the scar with my tongue.\n\n-Please, please and please avoid this place. They don't care whether they abuse you or not. For them, you are nothing but a bag of money. This place gave me nightmares from the abuse that I had to go through. Whenever I passed by any dentist place, I get a nervous breakdown and cry for no reason.\n\n-Whether it's teeth or hair, NO ONE can FORCE you to do what THEY want if you don't want it. That's no different from rape. STAY AWAY from this place.