A couple of the negative reviews compelled me to sign up and write my first review.\n\nI have been to Hiro a few times, and I couldn't disagree more with those reviews.  Hiro is among one of the few exceptional truly Japanese-run sushi restaurants that truly remind me of the sushi bars in Japan.  The fish is of exceptional freshness, and everything coming from Chef Hiro Yoshida's blade is of excellent quality and craftsmanship, understated but so evidently there for the discerning.  I'm not sure traditional would be the word that I'd use, as there is such sublime originality in some of his dishes, but definitely there will be no \"Super Dragonfly Six-Color Spicy Mayonnaise Special King St. Roll\" on the menu.  \n\nOmakase is definitely the way to go at this place - Chef Yoshida definitely comes from the traditional rigors of sushi chef training.\n\nI think a problem with Toronto is that we're spoiled with a wealth of sushi places, and being in North America, these joints tend toward a Western palate that involves fancy rolls that originate more from the Pacific shoreline of our neighbors down south than the fishing villages in Japan.   We're a city that grew up on a lot of bad sushi, and most people think the crap stuff is actually the way it should be.  A good 90% of sushi joints in Toronto are serving the Japanese food equivalent of sweet and sour chicken balls (a nifty invention passed off as Chinese food to unsuspecting and unschooled in Chinese food for decades).  Our sorry lack of knowledge about Japanese cuisine, is how chi-chi lack of substance places like Ki are even allowed existence.  In any N.A. city that knows their fish, e.g. like Vancouver or NYC, Ki would sink within 3 months.  \n\nI can't even begin to fathom how you can compare the two.  I guess it's the age-old culinary battle of the so-called trendy avant-garde vs. the purists.  It's like comparing good old Ribeye from Barberian's to a baseball mitt of a steak from the Keg mansion - for some it's both steak, and the Keg mansion may be better atmosphere, but Barberians will smoke the Keg on every cut.\n\nThat said, it's really a matter of individual preference.  Bottom line is if you like a spoonful of mayo with your rainbow rolls and the gullible ambiance of faux-Asia, go to Ki, but if  you really like raw fish and you're a sashimi eater, go to Hiro.  Authentic Japanese and nothing but.