My husband and I are Gordon fans, we own cookbooks, I make the Beef Wellington every year at Christmas thanks to his YouTube video, we watch Kitchen Nightmares (and others) and I giggle like an immature school kid when he curses and yells...\n\nWe went to Vegas for a very much needed vacation and reprieve, and I was dying to try Gordon Ramsay Steak. \n\nWe had early reservations at 5 pm and in hindsight it was perfect because we spent 4 hours lingering over one of the best meals of my life... (Try Marmalade in San Juan sometime) \n\nWe ordered two Vesper cocktails (did I mention we love James Bond too?) the stuffed lobster as an appetizer, and because we couldn't pick just one entree each we ordered three, skipping a side. I had the delectable rib cap, my husband ordered a filet, and we tried the Lobster Wellington for kicks. AWESOME- we shared a bottle of wine, then coffee, then dessert. We staged it all slow to come out gradually with the help of our expert server Genti. He was fabulous, fun and very helpful. We requested to meet the chef on duty that night and met Jonathan a contender on one of the cooking shows during the fourth season (think mo-hawk) invited by Gordon to come to Las Vegas and cook in his restaurant. Then back up to our table for sticky toffee and brown butter ice cream and the Apple dessert (again we couldn't choose just 1!) yum!!!! \n\nMy advice to those 1-2 star folks, order meals the restaurant specializes in and those you can't make yourself... Why order a salad you can get anywhere when your dropping big money on the main event. And folks... The puff pastry is supposed to come off the Beef Wellington when you eat it, it's not glued on...\n\nOnly one request of the restaurant, PLEASE ENFORCE A DRESS CODE, we arrived dressed for an expensive, romantic evening out only to see the couple at a table in front of us; he was wearing shabby, dirty plaid shorts, a hole filled t-shirt, unlaced tennis shoes, unshaven face and long stringy hair... She had on a dress but it was a more like moo-moo shift, also dirty and worn. If I'm paying $400-600 for a meal for two I should expect some ambiance.