After 346 Patisserie closed, I wanted to find another go-to Henderson dessert shop. So far, this place isn't it.\n\nGimme Some Sugar is the \"Bake Shoppe\" located off 215 and Stephanie. They offer refrigerated desserts such as tarts and cheesecakes, baked goods ranging from muffins to macarons, tea, Mothership coffee, and alcoholic beverages. The cushioned chairs, chandelier-like lights, and black rear wall would be nice to enjoy at night, but it's a little odd to step into this kind of place during the day.\n\nThey offered me a couple of samples while I was perusing their selections. The chocolate ganache brownie had a rich chocolate flavor and sweetness, and I would have ordered it if I wasn't set on maximizing variety from my visit. The peanut butter blondie wasn't bad, but it was boring and not as rich in peanut butter flavor as I would've liked.\n\nI made several orders. The fig & goat cheese macaron ($5.25) is huge, as all their macarons are. They're roughly double the diameter of a standard macaron and are taller as well. The goat cheese was a delight, and the fig jam and macaron shell provided the sweetness to cement this as a dessert - maybe a bit too much sweetness, but not problematic. My issues were with the macaron shell's texture. It didn't lack crunch, but the exterior fractured into pieces with my first bite, and the interior seemed more mushy than chewy.\n\nNext, I tried the mixed berry scone ($2.45). It is advertised as \"light and flakey\" and \"studded with fresh mixed berries.\" However, it was decidedly neither light nor flaky. Granted, it was soft, but the interior was indistinguishable from an average muffin, and it wasn't that crisp on the exterior. It was, however, too sweet - yes, even for a place called Gimme Some Sugar. Also, there were perhaps a few blueberries in the entirety of the scone. They weren't as prominent as I expected, and there wasn't a trace of the other berries. I'm not too enamored with the sugar crystals generously layered on the top of the scone, but I don't hate them either.\n\nFinally, I tasted two of their cookies ($1.75). The chocolate chip cookie had plenty of chocolate, but the texture is too mushy and there wasn't any rise to it. It is not a cookie that I would recommend. And frankly, neither is the monster cookie. It has a drier feel because of oats and peanut butter, and the generic M&M's (didn't see an imprint) were fine, but I wasn't thrilled.\n\nWhile Gimme Some Sugar certainly has their fans, some good sweet treats, and friendly customer service (samples and asking a phone caller to hold because I'd waited a while), I wasn't impressed with them overall. Maybe I'll try some of their pricey cold case items in the future (upwards of $7), but otherwise, I'd like Henderson to gimme a new place with better desserts.