General overview.... this place is OKAY. I feel like I could get the same food quality for a little cheaper at a different location, but the service is decent and everyone has that overly-friendly Italian personality. \n\nGETTING HERE. This is kind of in a random location and my phone had a hard time finding it. This is a good place for dinner if you are interested in grabbing a bite after golfing in the area or if youre staying at a hotel nearby, but when they say its in Scottsdale... its in Scottsdale,but not near anything else. lol\n\nWINE. So they do have a great wine list and my favorite thing about ordering wine with dinner... is when the servers know what its best paired with! They do change their wine menu pretty consistently and offer specials on house wines too, so wine is a good choice here. \n\nFOOD. I will admit, the Insalata Caprese appetizer was very good and fresh.... and I dont even like basil. I did feel that 14 dollars was a little steep for such a little serving, but hey. thats fine dining for you isnt it? \nWhatever you do... Try the scallops. The dish was called Spaghetti Alla Roberto. That was by far the best thing I've had here. It comes with shrimp, mushrooms and a wine sauce. The scallops were perfectly tender and just melted in your mouth. I was never the biggest fan of scallops, but I am now. \n\nSERVERS. They did drive me a little nuts after the 9th time coming by asking if i wanted another glass of wine when I had clearly stated that I was going to stick with water for the rest of the dinner. I appreciate the service, but if someone says theyre done. I think you should just trust their judgement and not try to upsell. Also, If i say I dont want dessert, please stop trying to push it! I was stuffed beyond belief, I didnt want anything else, the last thing I need is someone trying to force a menu down my throat and saying things like \"youre gonna regret it\" as he clears our table. Just....stop that. \n\nI might be back, but its probably just going to be for appetizers at the bar\/lounge area, and only if I'm in the area.