This was a pleasant new find for me.  Armed with a Groupon, and accompanied by another couple, I knew nothing about this bistro except that it served Italian food.  So, I gave it a full gustatory workout to see what it might bring to the table.\n\nWe opened with very good fresh Italian bread and Fried Calamari with peperoncini added.  This appetizer came with a mild Marinara Sauce, and my request for Lemon Aioli as an additional dipping choice was graciously accommodated without charge.  As for the Calamari itself, the rings were very good, somewhat better tasting than the tentacles.  Requested butter was quickly provided for the bread.  \n \nItalian Wedding Soup was very odd.  It contained spinach leaves as expected, but also cut carrots and a lot of white chicken meat.  I had to send it back, because it wasn't very hot and contained no meatballs as Italian Wedding Soup should.  The restaurant manager and co-owner who was making the rounds of tables agreed; normally included meatballs were missing from my bowl.  When it returned, the small meatballs were the best part, but I didn't like the included tiny tubular pasta noodles that much.\n\nThe rest of the dinner soared.  A dinner-size classic Caesar Salad contained firm green leaves of Romaine Lettuce, crunchy croutons, and a good creamy Caesar Dressing.  The portion was generous and took awhile to finish.  The huge portion of Eggplant Parmesan that immediately followed was cheesy, saucy, and quite delicious--magnificent, and the best of its kind I have ever eaten.  My fellow diners were also pleased with their food.  A brick of Meat Lasagna and Veal Alfredo looked particularly appealing.\n\nThere was no room or time for any dessert.  We had to dash off to the Cannery to arrive in time to see the last scheduled performance of \"Red Tails\" on its opening night.  I will sample Mezzo Italian Bistro's several dessert offerings on another day.\n\nSeating was comfortable in the cozy bistro, our servers were friendly, and service was good.  Dinner and the movie that followed constituted a fine night out!  A reprise will soon be in order.