They really did a wonderful job on their grand opening.  I was quite impressed.  The service was fantastic, even with a full house and it being their first big day. They really use the space well, it's a bit oddly shaped inside (it's on a rounded corner in Epicentre).   The bar area is spacious and there are long tables to stand and enjoy cocktails at while you wait for your table.  \n\nOur server, Jackie, was very knowledgeable, nice and amusing.  She recommended the carnitas, which my boyfriend ordered.  I had the barbacoa.  She made sure our food didn't come out too close to the tableside guac.  We joined \"The Good Life\" club before going so we had a coupon for  a free tableside guacamole.  Which was MASSIVE.  I swear he use like 6 avocados!  It was very tasty and we ate so much of the yummy guac that by the time our food came I was almost full. I definitely recommend joining \"The Good Life\" and using the coupon, it's was some seriously good guac.  \n\nThe barbacoa was just as barbacoa should be, tender and almost melt in your mouth.  I thought the sauce was a bit too sweet, but they didn't smother it in the sauce so it was okay.  The carnitas was definitely the better choice, it was smokey and slightly crisp.  We weren't too fond of the taco shells (they're similar to Loco Lime's) and slightly sweet.  It might just be that they're corn and that's how freshly made corn tortillas taste, but they were a little too heavy and sweet for me.  Jackie told us they come from a family business in Monroe and are brought in fresh every morning.  They are trying to use as much locally sourced products as possible.  \n\nThe plantains were outstanding, i'm a huge sucker for properly done plantains, I also had the black beans and they were equally yummy.  The carnitas came with lettuce, guac and cheese and the barbacoa came with a mexican slaw which was okay, i'm not a slaw fan of any kind so i'm not the best judge.  \n\nBe forewarned, the drinks are STRONG.  I had a frozen strawberry margarita and it was very heavy on the tequila.  \n\nWe had churros for dessert, which were a little too doughy in the middle for me, but the outside was perfect and they come with chocolate to dip them in. \n\nMy only complaint was the Abercrombie & Fitch music.  My boyfriend commented that he felt like he should be buying clothes not eating.  A little too club dance party for a restaurant.  I get that they're trying to be hip, but that's a bit too hip while i'm eating dinner.