ANCIENT ROMANS & BUFFET\n\nLas Vegas is known for their buffets but it is the Ancient Romans who mastered the concept. The buffet concept is synonymous with the Ancient Romans and it's fitting that the best buffet in Vegas is inside Caesars Palace. The reason why I love Bacchanal Buffet is taking the Ancient Romans concept of buffet into a modern approach. Sure there are no exotic dishes like flamingos that were served during Ancient Rome in this buffet, but the variety and quality of food remains the same. This is coming from someone that despises buffets in general. The last time I ate at a buffet in Vegas was a little more than two years ago at Wicked Spoon. I had a terrible experience there. The waiting line for Saturday brunch at Wicked Spoon was two hours long. Then my friend and me rushed to eat for 45 minutes because the brunch menu would be over. The experience at Bacchanal Buffet was much better than Wicked Spoon.\n\nLast Thursday night I paid for my friend's birthday. We came here around 5:30PM. Surprisingly there wasn't a long line. That was because we didn't go to the buffet on a Friday night our weekend. Knowing that there is an abundance of items at Bacchanal Buffet I took a strategic approach. Instead of placing lots of items in the plate I took 3 items at a time. This allowed me to get more plates than I normally get. At most buffets after three plates I'm stuffed. But getting three items at a time I was able to eat nine plates of food. I knew I wasn't going to eat all the 500 dishes. I had to place a priority of items. No standard items that I would normally get - fried chicken, pizza, pasta, tacos, Chinese food, etc. I was sticking to dishes that are rare in buffets in general.\n\nThere were certain sections that stood out. The meat section included brisket, prime rib, and lamb chops. I couldn't think of any other buffets that have lamb chops. Having beef brisket rather than the typical roast beef is one feature that makes Bacchanal Buffet stand out from others. The seafood section was exceptional also. On the seafood section you can see shuckers take out the top half of the oyster. I love how the raw oysters are smaller than the raw oysters at typical buffets because the smaller oysters are sweeter. In addition I love how there are not only two types of cooked crab legs (cold and hot), but also how the crab legs are opened for you. How many times when you go to a buffet that you have to work to crack open the crab legs that leave your hands messy? The one section that surprised me the most is the dessert section, which is bigger than the buffets in the suburbs. There are varieties that I don't see at a normal buffer. While most buffets have ice cream at Bacchanal Buffet there is gelato. In addition there is crème brûlée at Bacchanal Buffet. Can you think of a normal buffet that has crème brûlée for dessert?  \n\nThe fact that I didn't try every dish makes me want to go back to Bacchanal Buffet in the future to try certain dishes I didn't have last time. For example if I go back to Bacchanal Buffet I would like to go for breakfast\/ brunch so I can try the red velvet pancakes.\n\nI'm not necessary keen on a decor of a restaurant but inside Bacchanal Buffet the minimalist decor makes the setting feel more like a high end restaurant than a buffet eatery. This makes you enjoy eating because you're more relaxed. After eating nine plates of food I was stuffed but not bloated. That is the standard how all buffets should be like with the number of dishes that are provided. Right now for me Bacchanal Buffet met that standard and I can't look at buffets in the same manner as I did before.