Anyone looking for a change from the typical Leslieville brunch experience needs to give this place a go. Don't get me wrong, I love most of the classic brunch places in the neighbourhood, but sometimes you just want a change from huge line-ups, cash-only policies, and rushed service. The Roy provides a delightful relaxing alternative. We felt quite smug as we scooted straight into The Roy and sat right down at our comfy table, while dozens of people lethargically lined up for Lady Marmalade next door :)\n\nThere's a decent range of brunch\/lunch options, some of which are the classic brunch fare (eggs benedict, BLTs), while others are a bit more unique (Irish breakfast, scotch eggs). I had the eggs benedict with peameal bacon and my boyfriend had the full Irish, and we were both really happy with our meals. My side salad was a bit heavy on the vinaigrette, but the eggs were cooked to perfection and the peameal, which so often can be bland, was actually really tasty. I loved the drip coffee, a light, somewhat sweet roast, and the refills came in bucketfuls.\n\nThe service was polite and relaxed, just what you want on the weekend. We were definitely waiting a bit longer for our food than we would in some other local competitors, but I'd rather wait for food while sitting down than wait the same amount of time for an initial table! The cosy, comfy seats and the quiet relaxed atmosphere actually made waiting a bit of a pleasure! \n\nAnother reason why this place can be a nice alternative to some others was the prices. Two brunch entrees, tea and coffee came to about $27 after tax and tip. That's at least $5 less than what I'd usually pay for similar items in other local places. Definitely a nice change.\n\nAll in all, a lovely experience and a nice change from the usual east end brunch experience. \n\n(I do wish this place would decide if it wants to be a British OR an Irish pub though. Pictures of the Queen and Coronation Street intermingled with classic Guinness advertisements, and maps of Ireland is...well, misleading at best. I'm surprised some partisan Irish republican hasn't gone crazy on them yet ;) )