My level of excitement for this place is just a little too high. My love for Korean fried chicken will not be contained! When I lived in DC, I visited this chain restaurant more than I care to admit. When I found out one was coming to Cleveland, I was beyond enthused. I stalked their Facebook page, eager for updates. \n\nLo and behold, Bonchon Seven Hills has finally opened its doors to the public. I was surprised to find that the building is actually quite nice. It looks newly renovated and there is more than enough seating, along with a really nicely decked out patio with garage doors. The staff was cordial, although when I first came in to get some information about the restaurant, they were a little curt with me, but I think they were hesitant to announce their official grand opening until they can predict the flow of business after the soft open. \n\nFor my first visit to Bonchon Seven Hills, we ordered a small combo with half garlic, half spicy sauce, along with an order of tteokbokki. The prices for the dishes seem high in my opinion considering they really aren't sized as large as a Korean restaurant typically would to be served family style. You're looking at about $12-$16\/ entree which serves about 2 people. Considering there's little competition in the area save for Seoul Garden in Parma though, it's hard to dispute the price. \n\nIf you've never had Korean fried chicken, prepare to have your standards for fried chicken kicked up a notch. It's prepared with corn starch to create a thick, crunchy outer layer that sauce sticks to but doesn't soak into, so the chicken stays crispy on the outside. It seems to me that this location tends to overcook their wings, the chicken on the inside was a bit dried out which was disappointing. Hopefully with time, they are able to adjust based on customer's request. The sauce is perfect though, I didn't personally find the spicy to be very spicy at all, but it does have a good flavor to it as does the garlic. I love the sizing options and that they offer so many different mixes of chicken pieces. As for the tteokbokki, it was exactly what I was hoping for. Great spice level and it was complimented with fish cakes, rice noodles and gimmari, a spring roll made with rice noodles and wrapped in seaweed then deep fried. All in all, this was a solid dish and I would definitely order it again, despite the fact that I think it's overpriced for the portion size. \n\nIn summation, I do have some criticisms of Bonchon Seven Hills, mostly due to the overfried chicken and the prices, but it didn't detract much from my experience, and I still see myself visiting here often. I would highly recommend for others to try, as it's a great way to dip your toes into Korean cuisine that has been simplified and Americanized a bit to make it easier to try out. I think everyone could find something to enjoy here and Korean fried chicken is something that's hard not to love.