So much of a mish-mash of good and not-so-much that I have a hard time deciding! \n\nI'm already over the pretentious new burger joints. I get the whole\nlet's-get-topping-crazy and play with flavors, but there is a lack of authenticity when that idea takes over the comfort portion of your burger.\n\nHad lunch with wife and son. Got there early enough to not have to wait. Got seated quickly and our waitress came by to take our drink order. I always appreciate a quick drink taker! The menu is chock full of wildly topped burger combinations (but no just plain old bacon cheeseburger for the young folks, like my son, so we landed up paying for one of the 8 topping burgers with everything taken off but the cheese and the bacon.) (The bacon BTW was awesome!) \n\nI ordered the NYC (Kraut, Swiss, 1000 island, and pastrami). I like my pastrami sammies different, so ordered it with seeded mustard (they don't have) and cheddar instead of swiss. Seems that changing your cheese is a payable upgrade! Yep, $1 on the bill for a change of cheese! I also ordered the onion rings as m side. The burger was not ample. For $12 (and a buck for cheese) I would have expected a more formidable foe, but flavor-wise it was pretty darned good. Good, flavorful pastrami, and mustard are magic! The onion rings, though, were a patent-damned disaster! They looked phenomenal! Big, inch wide cuts of onion with a thick fried batter. There were only three o the plate but so big it didn't matter! Oh, except for the fact that they had no flavor AT ALL! They didn't taste like onion. They didn't taste like batter. If not for the tasty Cowbell sauce (a spicy aioli) I could have been eating the napkin for the amount of flavor they had. Such a sad waste of a side. \n\nMy wife enjoyed her turkey burger but was underwhelmed by the fact that there were 2 pieces of roasted shitake mushroom on the patty. A fair bit less than one would have expected. Otherwise she was pretty happy with her choice. She really enjoyed the cuke salad which is cucumbers, onion and a light vinegar dressing.\n\nService is where a lot of my issues lie, if you have read any of my posts. Our waitress was a pretty, sweet young woman. She started off fine but then she hit my sore spot about halfway through the meal. I ordered tea with \"lots and lots\" of lemon. On my first refill, there was not a ice cube left this side of the Appalachian mountain range. It was evident as she poured my tea, but was not identified or fixed. I cannot stand when my ICED tea has no ice! Anyone else....Beuhler....Beuhler. It's such an easy fix and yet allowed to just wallow until I have to ask. Also never received any extra lemon's which tweeks my heiny. These are easy service pints which are not being met by WAY to many in the service industry. \n\nAnyhow, overall, not a bad experience, just not a great one. For the price, I would have expected much more. I think, to a degree, they are catering to a crowd that wants to spend 12 skins on a burger just to say they eat there rather than finding a great $7 burger cause it's great. So, no more pricey hipster burger joints for this guy. Have been underwhelmed to often. \n\nI look forward to the day I can write another 5 star review (or a strong 4 star) but until then...Eat well.\n\nV-Dub