The largest most sophisticated park-model RV park in Arizona. Many amenities, well maintained. Two pools, tennis, four hot tubs, gym, Bocce, tennis, laundry, arts-crafts, entertainment, lots of clubs, full hook-ups. This park isn't cheap either. \n\nThe good news is inside VO there is no world-wide economic depression! Let's party like it's 1929! Let the booze and the money flow! \n\nCons: \nInternet: The park is stuck in the 1990s as far as internet service goes. With Centurylink being the only wired choice you'll be lucky to get 190kbps like 1999 grade speed. But we all know the end of that story... that internet thing will never catch on, so why invest in it? The park manager promised a park-wide system installed back in October but it never came into reality which is typical outcome with VO 'management.' If you want even mediocre service you will need to get a 4G hotspot from TMobile or Verizon. \nPlease note this about Centurylink internet service: the only web pages that will come to you at the advertised speed are the speed test web sites, all other web pages are throttled back to nearly dial-up speed. (if you read their terms of service they do admit this is corp policy). Fiber optic? Sure, but not to your home. \n\nA comment in the park manager's newsletter stated the Condo Board was intending to replace the bar code sticker vehicle access at the main gate and back gate in place of using your chipped ID badge to open the gates. The reason they favor this is because they want to come down hard on people behind on their condo fees or if they just don't like you, to cut owners off from everything possible, immediately. You would be restricted to waiting in line at the contractor access gate if you badge was lost or failed or a day late on your condo fees or if they just want to get your attention. I suspect their intent here is to also reduce the security staff if they think they can have tighter access on the gates. But don't be fooled the actual motivation here is punitive. They will also add badge access to the west pool and eventually to other facilities: tennis, bocce, hobby buildings, etc. The more popular the facility the more likely they are to add badge access. \n\nKeep in mind that RFID badge access is designed to LIMIT access. The only reason to implement technology like this is to restrict access. So the condo board is spending our money to impede or block access to our properties. This will not improve security or enhance property values. This demonstrates how the owners are seen as the enemy of the condo board. The board should focus on improving our sinking property values or make living at Venture Out more desirable, sellable. \n\nYou can buy an RFID card copier on Amazon for $22! and they come with blank cards and fobs. These are NOT secure and are simple to copy. All you need to do is come near someone's card (like in the grocery store aisle) to copy it, and the il-informed condo board wants to base gate security in this unsecure technology? This shows you how totally out of touch with technology and reality the condo board is. (search on amazon.com: RFID Copier)\n\nStaff: Many staff members (not all) treat the residents as if they are little slaves to be ruled over. Some VO employees are very arrogant and disrespectful of the true owners of VO. There was a sign over the compressed air hose near RV parking that read: 'employees only' which means I have to pay for it but I cannot use it. This was a good example of the overall attitude in the park. This is also a good example of why we need to replace the existing management from the top down.\n\nProspective buyers: please note that ALL proposed building projects which are billed to each property owner are ALWAYS voted YES. So calculate that into your expense estimates, add about $120 a month to your condo fees for building projects, like the coming executive office building so our incompetent park management can live like the lords they truly think they are. It will end up being two stories tall so they can truly look down upon us.\n\nDid you notice with the upgraded park web  page the newsletters are gone from public view. Wanna bet why that happened? Does it happen to be related to all the dumb stuff the Queen puts in the newsletter?\n\nNow, to see the newsletters you need to sign-in (they don't want the public seeing the truth). The problem with signing-in is you need to give them your email address, the problem with that is then you get their insulting emails, my favorite is: 'It's going to be very hot today.' Never mind that is our normal weather here, never mind it's been getting hot here in the desert for hundreds of thousands of years now, but suddenly management thinks it's an emergency requiring warning emails. 115 degrees! Wow, sure glad they warned me, what a shocker! Yesterday, 114 but today, one degree hotter and they think I'd too stupid to stay up on our normal weather. This is further evidence of the arrogance of management here.