You know how the first time you drive to a place a bit off the beaten path it seems like it's 3x farther than it really is? That perfectly describes Lake Las Vegas and helps keep our overall traffic load quite light. I hope my raving review doesn't change that ;)\n\nI moved to this desert wonderland in May of 2016 after stating I would NEVER live in Henderson. I'm not sure why I had such beef with Hendertucky, perhaps it was that god awful name just provided. Anyway, I was leasing a house and unexpectedly had to move, which left me with no time to buy, and really no time to look. Luckily, I had been anticipating moving when my lease ended and was looking daily on the MLS to see what was available for lease. Things were looking pretty bleak and I was beginning to panic.\n\nThen, low and behold, I found this AMAZING home in Lake Las Vegas (LLV) for a rather modest rent given the upgrades, amenities, location, size...the list goes on. I figured ok, I'll go tour it, but I already know I want it. It was a lot more than I had paid in the past, but given rising rental rates in the greater Las Vegas area, I felt it was a good value overall. I filled out the application and brought all required docs to meet my realtor. She was already inside the home and said I should jump on it because this home is a great value and the area is superb. I should mention, however, the first time I drove out here I thought \"dude, this is wayyyy way out. Ima be on Pluto with Future Hendrix soon (sorry, couldn't resist with that ill double album release this week). Anyway, I digress. Back to beautiful LLV.\n\nRealistically, it's only 21 miles from my house to my office, which is very close to McCarran International Airport. Traffic does get a bit heavy on the 215 due to construction, but I'm no further out than if I lived in Summerlin, and certainly no further than North Las Vegas. Plus, the US 95 can be bypassed by entering Lake Mead and taking Northshore Dr. if heading to North Las Vegas or towards I-15 north. \n\nLet me tell you a little bit about what I get to experience living in this oasis just outside of the chaos of Las Vegas. I have an amazing assortment of wildlife that visits frequently (season dependent, of course) including: bighorn sheep that visit frequently, migratory birds--including southwestern willow flycatchers (protected under the Endangered Species Act as Endangered), Gambel's quail (Callipepla gambelii), waterfowl, packs of coyotes that yip and howl in the wee hours of the night, Woodhouse's toads, and pond turtles. Lake Mead is also only about 5 minutes away and there is a large amount of BLM protected desert to explore near the end of the Las Vegas Wash (also less than 5 min. away). This is also the most QUIET, safest community I've lived in since I moved to Las Vegas in January '04.\n\nIf nature isn't your thing, there is the Village at Lake Las Vegas just a couple of minutes down the road. Although it's still recovering from the recession, there is a great little market that recently opened, and a few restaurants\/bars to enjoy. The Village also is home to the now defunct Montelago Casino (not necessarily a bad thing--hopefully it eventually returns sans casino), and Westin and Hilton resorts. \n\nLast but not least, LLV is home to Reflection Bay Golf Club. Having moved to Las Vegas from Palm Springs, CA, having a golf course in my community is a huge bonus, especially a quality course such as Reflection Bay's. There is also a sports club that just opened solely for the residents of LLV (at a pretty hefty price, I might add).\n\nOverall, LLV has it all without the hype of the city. It's very well maintained by Gothic landscaping (they're here on a seemingly daily basis), and regularly patrolled by security. If you're looking for the perfect place to live, I highly recommend checking out LLV. You will not be disappointed.