Let me just start with saying that I would be giving ZERO stars in my review but that's not an option so I have no choice but to choose one star. \n\nEvery year my family and I stay at this hotel for my daughters cheer competition (JAMZ Nationals). Every year we are disappointed but put up with it because it is convenient for the event we are here for. This year was worse than any other year before and this will be the last time we put up with the disappointment of The Orleans Hotel. \n\nOn Friday February 26th my family and I showed up to the hotel to check in around 10:30am. We know that check in isn't until 3:00 but thought that if we told them we were here, they would call us when our room was ready. Mind you, I booked our two queen bedroom NON SMOKING room in July of 2015. The front desk representative told us that no two queen non smoking rooms were available and that we only had a choice of a one queen bed room or a 2 queen bed smoking room. The representative then proceeded to tell us to come back at 12:00 and that there will be plenty of 2 queen bed non smoking rooms available. We agreed and left and came back around 11:45 to start the process over and get into our room. \n\nWe are seen by a different front desk representative which proceeds to tell us again that there are no 2 queen bedroom non smoking rooms available and that we have a choice of a 1 king bed non smoking room or 2 queen bed smoking room. I proceeded to tell them that I have a family of 4, which included my 9 year old daughter and 7 month old daughter. I told them that I am not putting my 7 month old in a smoking room. We already deal with the smoke throughout the hotel because of the casino which is inevitable. The room that I booked 7 months in advance should be available to us. The manager then comes over and had the same \"I don't care attitude\" that the front desk representative had. No one seemed to have any consideration for my baby to not be in a non smoking room. After risking not getting a room at all, I continued to complain and just took the 2 queen smoking room. We bought candles and air fresheners to try to drain out the smoke smell. \n\nCome to find out, MANY families that I know personally checked in not long after us and got (what do you know!!) a 2 queen bed room NON SMOKING room. \n\nThroughout the weekend my family and I didn't get one NICE Orleans employee. They were all so rude and so snooty. \n\nLastly, the maid service was even terrible. One day we come back to what looked like a clean room. As I put my stuff down on the bed I see the dirty pillow cases left behind. The next day we come in to ONE of our beds made and everything else left dirty and other bed not made. \n\nAs you can see, the experience here has never been great, but myself and my family have more integrity to just suck it up and deal with it and try to see the positive in the situation and in other people. Not this time around. \n\nAgain, we will NEVER stay here again and will NEVER recommend this hotel to any one we know. We will be contacting corporate about our entire experience.