This place will actually get 4.5 stars from me because I will give an extra half point due to the great service I received!\n\nI came back here because I had a lot of coupons from the past elite event! I knew the food would be solid, and I was right, it did not disappoint.\n\nThis time, I went to sit at the bar. I can't remember the bartenders name, but he was awesome and we chatted about the World Series since he was a KC fan. Ordered the Tres Viejos drink, basically a totally jacked up shaken margarita. The premium tequila mixed with the house made citrus juices and honey definitely tingled my taste buds, in a good way. The spiced salt that was rimmed on the glass was just the cherry on top. If you are a big fan of cocktails, you should check this place out!\n\nI wanted to check out some food here. I ordered the mango guacamole. I remembered at the previous event, we were given a pineapple guacamole that was outstanding! I thought the mango version would be equally as good. After trying it, I thought that the guac was OK. It didn't have the same \"pow!\" as the pineapple version. The flavor of the mango was lost in the avocado. It felt like the guac was pre-made a considerable amount of time ago. It had oxidized. The chips served with the guac were really good. They were super crispy, and they didn't have much grease on them.\n\nThis time, I ordered a torta, but not just any torta, but a carne version! At the event, they had these carne tacos that were phenomenal. I decided to try their torta version. The dish was also served with French fries. Let me tell y'all about them fries. This may be a Mexican restaurant, but Mercadito probably makes some of the best fries I've ever had. The size is perfect, not shoestring and not steak fries, but a size right in the middle. They were super crispy on the outside and meltingly soft and airy in the middle. This guy right here, he was impressed!\n\nThe torta was extremely good as well. The carne was just like how I remembered it, but it was cut a little bit thicker due to it being a sandwich, which I liked. The meat was seasoned well and cooked to a medium rare center. The slaw filling was creamy and crunchy and full of vegetables and herbs that were very fresh. I loved the torta bread that was used, it was fluffy and buttery. I really enjoyed that they griddle both sides of the bread to give it a nice crunch! A splendid dish.\n\nThe service here is on point. I sat at the bar, and the bartender did a really great job making sure that I was well taken care of. Everyone working there seemed really friendly. \n\nI live quite a distance away so coming here on a regular basis is not really a feasible option for me. But if I did, I would be here all the time. This is a great spot for upscale Mexican cuisine and a superb drink program. They have a great happy hour here as well. Enjoyed my time here and will hopefully be back soon!!