I don't know where to start.  This was one of the worst evenings out I've had in a while.  We went for their grand opening \"exclusive\" party. The only people who apparently weren't invited to this event were my friends.  We actually thought that this was going to be some sort of VIP event because we had tickets, and they advertised \"passed hors d'oeuvres\" (which apparently they only gave to you after you were seated and eating your dinner--btw, don't get the garlic knots if you want to be within 50 feet of other humans.)  We waited in line in the cold for about 10-15 minutes to get in--and this wasn't the worst part of our evening.\n\nWe got inside, and got seated immediately, so that was good.  But in a basically empty section, she chose to seat us next to the waiters' section--rookie mistake! This is considered one of the worst seats in the house, and my husband actually got hit by a flying tray!  I asked for the drink menu, and our waiter told me that \"they could make any drink you want\".  I think it's a terrible idea not to have a special drink menu, especially in a kitschy place like a bowling alley in uptown.  Then I kept seeing all of these specialty drinks around with names like \"Strike City fishbowl\", so they must have a menu somewhere--and they need to tell Tyler about it soon.  So I ordered a Cosmo, which is a pretty easy drink that everyone can make. Well, apparently, the bartender wasn't informed that there is VODKA in a f*cking Cosmo.  Mine was cranberry juice with a splash of triple sec and lime--completely awful!  \n\nI had a burger, which was pretty good.  My lettuce was brown and white, which isn't good, but it caused no harm. My husband thought his buffalo chicken pizza was really good, and it was a decent size for a personal pizza.  Our waiter Tyler was attentive, so that's good too.\n\nThe bar area is far too large.  There are tons of TVs, which can be good, but was a little overwhelming this night.  There are 12 lanes in the bar area, lots of music, and lots of people.  It's crazy loud!\n\nWe pay our bill ($78 for okay food, a shit drink, and 2 double vodka tonics--hmmm...) \n\nSo our beeper goes off that it's our turn for bowling.  We go up to the front desk and pay for 1 hour of bowling and 2 pairs of shoes (another $56).  Here comes my favorite part of the evening.  We get our shoes, and the man at the shoe counter ASKS ME TO GIVE HIM ONE OF MY SHOES!!!  Which means that I will be walking half-barefoot through a bar.  This is totally unacceptable to me.  First of all, I will generally have on very nice shoes, and I don't like letting them out of my sight.  Second, I do not want to be barefoot in a bar--let's just say, it didn't make my bucket list.  I asked him, \"So you really expect people to walk through a bar with one shoe on?\" And he points to a bare wall (which is currently occupied by people waiting in line) and says, \"well, we envisioned people changing shoes over there, but it's full tonight.\"  Dude, CHANGE THE VISION!  I would rather give him my license or keys or something, but not my shoes.  Luckily, I have a very sweet husband who gave up both of his shoes so I could keep mine and go to our lane.\n\nWe get to our lane and it's against a wall with not a lot of space to move around.  Apparently they've never been to a real bowling alley before to see how they do it.  They let all of the extra space get turned into the bar area, and skimped on the bowling lanes. There is only one bench per lane, and it was really hard to see what you're friends were bowling. They should have thought that through a little better.  We were in the smaller room by the front--it looks like there's more room for spectators in the main lanes.  And it didn't help that a family who was waiting for their own lane commandeered our entire bench so we had no seating whatsoever.  \n\nThe bowling was fun--the waitress could have been more attentive, but they were busy so I'm willing to forgive that.  And like I said, I could have used some more room.  A tad expensive though--I'd prefer to go to AMF next time. (another $27 on 4 beers)\n\nThen I went to the bathroom before we left, and couldn't even squeeze past a woman on her cell phone---the bathroom is another place they skimped on space. When all of the people in the huge bar have to go to the bathroom, where will they go?!?  The lights are blinding.  The police need to hold interrogation sessions in that room, since they definitely get people talking too. Every woman in there (and there were about 7-8) was talking about how terrible the lights were.  \n\nI would recommend staying home, playing Wii bowling, making yourself and friends great drinks and saving yourselves $150 and a lot of frustration.  I will not go back there again.