Just like at the Farm on Grand Teton, I witnessed most the people come in here, enjoy the environment, take lot of pictures, and leave without leaving a donation. Today I saw this guy pretend that he threw money into the donation bucket, but you could clearly see that there was no money in his hand. \n\nThey have a 15 year old cat that has cataracts in both eyes. It's really nice and friendly. Though, I have never seen such a beaten up looking cat.\n\nThe burrow they have here is really affectionate, but most all burrows are like that. The wild burrows at Blue Diamond Park will eat from your hand and lay down next to you, but the locals in that area always call the cops if you feed them. Here you don't have to worry about that.\n\nThey got a Mule Deer.  Where else in LV can you pet and feed a large deer. \n\nThere is a bunch of those parrots that imitate things that you say. They also have this parrot that they trained to say hello to every single person who walks into the area he is sitting at. What sucks is that he won't say hello twice to the same person. \n\nThe Koi pond is really dirty and you can't even see the fish because of how murky the water is. \n\nThe duck area smells extremely bad. I spend a lot of time on farms, but that was excessive. \n\nAt the Farm on Grand Teton you can actually pick up and touch the tortoises, here you gotta just watch from a distance. And I can't believe that they mislabeled the tortoises as turtles. Also at the Farm, they got one of those gigantic tortoises that weights over 100lbs and loves being touched. Here, they don't seem to have anything like that.\n\nThere were many big beautiful swans but there were pissed for some reason. They kept hissing at me. \n\nThe man working here is very interesting and is always happy to tell you about the history behind the Gilcrease properties. He is actually the most entertaining part of the sanctuary. \n\nPersonally, I like going to the Farm better than coming here. At the Farm, the animals are much more affectionate and social. They literally fight for your attention, and many of the animals follow you out the door when you are trying to leave. I guess the only advantage that this place has over the farm is that it is open 7 days a week, while the farm is only open on the weekends. I still think this place is a good place to spend the day. It's good for what it is.