4.5 Stars!\n\nMy mom has been at our house for a week, and surprisingly, we hadn't gone out to lunch yet during the time she has been here.  I wanted to get out of the house today and try something new.  Low carb options had to be in the mix, so we decided to come on down here to Native Grill & Wings.  Some coworkers had mentioned it before and claimed that they had really good wings.  We would soon find out.............\n\nWe parked in the lot, walked in and was greeted right away.  We were shown to our table and browsed over the menu.  Tuesdays, they have \"wing day\" where you can get $.59 cent wings (with purchase of a drink).  Not bad, not bad at all!  I went with 12 wings, extra crispy (salt and pepper & medium), and a diet Coke.  My mom went with 12 wings (teriyaki ginger & honey bbq) and a Coke.\n\nAfter we placed our order, we sat there for awhile. This is the only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars.  The restaurant was not busy at all, but it still took a good 25 minutes for us to get our food.  A table that ordered right before us (seriously, like 2 minutes before us...same waitress), got their meal and was mostly done by the time ours came out.  For a delay that long, I was hoping that the food would be fantastic.  Thankfully, it was!  Here is how everything panned out..............\n\nSalt and Pepper Wings-  These things were fantastic!  My 2 favorite wing places that I have ever had were Anchor Bar in Buffalo (For Christs sake, its the place where Buffalo wings originated!), and Golden Chopsticks salt and pepper wings in National City (Crack wings...if you ever go to San Diego, look this place up and go there just for the wings!).  These wings were up there as some of the best I have ever had.  They were extremely crispy, seasoned perfectly, piping hot and pretty big, too!  If I have a Golden Chopsticks withdrawal in the future, I know where I will be headed.  These salt and pepper wings were great!  I will definitely get them again!\n\nMedium Wings-  These were also fantastic!  Crispy, crunchy, moist in the middle, perfectly sauced, just hot enough to make you sweat just a bit etc.  I'm not the biggest buffalo sauce fan in the world, but this sauce and these wings were great!  Definitely a repeat order! \n\nMy mom really liked her wings, too!  Each order of 6 wings came with a ranch dipping sauce as well as a few pieces of celery. \n\nService was fantastic!  Our waitress was extremely kind and all smiles.  At one point during our meal, she came over and told me and my mom, \"You guys are nice!\".  Not sure if she had some angry\/irate customers earlier,  or what?  lol.  She refilled beverages without having to ask, checked on us a few times during our stay, and even offered us a \"to go\" soda on our way out (rare...haven't seen that too often in CA or AZ..saw it on nearly every meal down South in Alabama and Louisiana a few years back.  Anyways....).  \n\nBesides the slight wait for our food, everything else was fantastic!  These wings are awesome and the price can't be beat.  For 24 wings and 2 sodas, it was only a little over $21.00!  I know I will be back sooner than later.  Low carb, great food, and cheap prices?  Sign me up for possibly every Tuesday going forward ;-).