Business Information\nAmerican Residential Properties\n7047 East Greenway Parkway Suite 350\nScottsdale, AZ 85254\n \nComplaint Summary\nComplaint Type: Consumer to Business Complaint\nNature of complaint: The company has failed to correct billing errors\nProblem description:\nOn April 4th, 2014 I went into the Scottsdale office of American Res. and brought in my information to apply for a rental home. I was told this home had no applications on it and that yes I could apply. I worked with a man named Ryan Parrill who informed me that hey actually take money orders and application at a west valley office but due to some shifting around this wan't a huge deal and he would take my information and would forward it on to their office. About an hour later I got an email with his forwarded documentation of my application and $80 money order. I never received confirmation from their West valley office so around 430pm I called. I spoke to Ann who informed me their actually had already been an application in place that morning and Ryan must have missed it or they hadn't updated it fast enough for him to see it. Ann told me my application money was totally refundable due to the circumstance and I would just need to drive back to the Scottsdale office (35 minutes away) and pick up the original money order. I told her I would be in next Thurs\/Fri to pick it up. I attempted to email Ryan again on Friday April 11th to inform him I would be there to pick up the money orders. No reply. So I went in around 1130. I get to the office and am told my money orders had been cashed due to a communications error between Ann and Ryan. I was told they would put in a inquiry to get back my $80 and I would receive a check from their corporate office (that I was standing in) within a few business days. It would be sent certified mail and would need a signature. It is April 18th around 12pm and as of today nothing has been received. I called today only to get the run around where as no one seems to know what I am talking about. I am DONE chasing this company around for money that they owe me and over 3 hours of time WASTED driving back and forth.\nDesired Settlement: Refund\nDesired Outcome:\nI would like my $80 back IMMEDIATELY and a call from the owner of the business.\n\nEDIT: It is April 30th and STILL NO PHONE CALL OR REFUNDED MONEY. SCAM ARTIST, Do not do business with them. Even my real estate agent has black listed them.