It held great promise, had a great menu and sincere servers, but failed miserably in delivery.\n\nThe kitchen is very disorganized with meals coming out willy-nilly.  Save yourself the agony of watching tables seated after you getting and even completing their meals before yours arrives.  Despite your continually apologizing server, they are helpless when it comes to getting your meal out in a reasonable time.  Ahhhhhhhhh!\n\nWent here for breakfast and dinner.  Same-o same-o.\n\nOne of the culprits appears to be Hector, who just can't get things right the first time.  In our case I ordered an omelet, my wife blue berry pancakes.  Could it be any more simple?  Apparently not, as Hector completed my omelet, putting it on the heating plate and heat lamp window as he prepared pancakes without the blueberries.  \n\nWell, when the error was pointed out by our server, Hector re-did the pancakes, but they were raw in the centers and my omelet, that had been sitting on the hotplate for well over 20 minutes had the cheese melted to oil by the time it was served.  But the plate was hot, so hot that the server could not pick it up from the tray without napkins to shield his hands.\n\nWe had been seated for 40 minutes when our meals arrived and were too hungry and too angry to do much more that wave off the server's apologies and eat our meals.  Not good.\n\nOddly enough we did not suffer enough abuse, so returned for dinner with our son, his wife and two grandchildren. Why, you ask?  Because the menu had everything for everybody and it is a noisy, busy place perfect for children.\n\nOK...ditto the breakfast experience, but we had wine, beer and booze, so that took the edge off of our frustration.  \n\nFood is just OK, but hey!...It is a diner, so what do you expect? Gourmet it ain't.  whether Hector was there or not, I did watch and there was a white-jacketed supervisor or coordinator of sorts , but apparently he must be part of the Hector Club of incompetents, so no help for the hungry.\n\nA shame as it could be a great place.  We might try it again, but most likely not.  With the 10s of thousands of \"Hectors\" coming into the area it would be our recommendation to fire Hector and hope for a better replacement.  As for the kitchen supervisor, knock his nuts together to hopefully get his attention and motivation to get the kitchen to follow some form of order.