Ramen expert here once again! I swear that going to Japan on a yearly basis really ruins my ramen experience here in Arizona... you know? The ramen in Japan is the cream of the crop! I had to go back to my other reviews of ramen restaurants here in Arizona to see how this new place, RAMEN TIME, can be rated accordingly. Here it goes!\n\nAs usual, I order the Tonkotsu ramen to see the skill level of the kitchen crew. The requirements for me is how the broth comes out based on the consistency, depth and the pork fat drippings. The broth passes the consistency test because it's not watery. The broth has a creamy texture to it although it's pretty light and is almost on the watery side. BUT it still has creamy consistency. The depth was somewhat good. I could taste the different aspects of the flavor, and a lot of it was garlic. I definitely tasted a lot of garlic which is a good and bad thing. It packs a little punch, but at the same time, you kind of wonder what the actual broth tastes like. And lastly, like every ramen restaurant here in AZ, there are no fat drippings in the broth. The noodles were decent, and I can tell it's not packaged ramen bought from Safeway (no offense to instant ramen). And the pork slice was fine too.\n\nI also ordered the takoyaki. There were real octopus meat chunks in there, and it was lightly friend and crispy. I approve, and at the same time, I wish they were a little bigger in size.\n\nOverall, when I really compare all of the ramen restaurants in Arizona, Ramen Time is on the level of Tampopo, Dozo Izakaya, Hachi Ramen, etc. whose ramen has that slightly above average broth. And like those restaurants, it is also comparable to most ramen places in California. I have had terrible ramen that I have given 1 or 2 stars. I have had ramen which were 3 stars because they were just good enough not to be terrible if you were dying from hunger. I would say Ramen Time gets 4 stars for trying to be above average! The best Tonkotsu ramen still belongs to the two Nishikawa ramen locations.\n\nOn another note, I didn't get a chance to try their yakitori, boba tea and soft boiled egg. I'm a huge fan of those things. LOL. When I go back the second time... if their yakitori is tendor and seasoned appropriately, their soft boiled egg is perfecty gooey, and their boba tea is delicious (not too sweet nor taste like powder), I'll think about upgrading them to 5 stars.