We have decided to go with Adams Pool Solutions to remodel our pool. Our salesman Ron Hair was really cool ,super helpful and answered all our questions. He is a true asset to this company and the reason we decided to go with Adams Pool Solutions. Ron Hair is the guy I would recommend when you are thinking of putting in a brand new pool or even just remodeling. His experience and knowledge is like a free bonus. \n\nOkay so here we are. Granted we are just starting the process  of remodeling our pool even though we signed almost a month ago. In all fairness, it is the beginning of summer for us in Las Vegas and I'm sure they are busy. They decided to drain our pool on Friday (going into the hottest weekend of the year 109) then say to us that they will not even start to chip away at plaster until Tuesday makes no sense to us. So far not real thrilled. I will update my review as this continues...\n\nUpdate- Chipping out the old plaster and tile actually started on Monday right after the weekend from the drain of pool,and was completed today Tues June7,2016. It is moving along a little bit better. Fingers crossed it will stay on track. Will continue to update...\n\n Update-Wed June 8th The tile has been put in! Yay I'm so excited. Oh My Gea-osh!!!  It was like 109  degrees today and these guys who were  putting in the tile worked so hard and did such a fantastic job! Every time I had a question or concern Jesus or Adolfo made sure I was happy by asking me if the tile  was exactly as we wanted it. I love that attention to detail especially with the amount of money we are spending. These guys are truly professional and do such beautiful work. My husband and I are very happy with the new tile for our pool. Thanks Jesus and Adolfo.\n\nMichael (our pool coordinator) has truly been exceptional with his people skills in making sure my husband and I are very happy. This process got off to a rocky start. Michael really deserves a lot of credit, because he is the reason we will be highly recommend Adams Pool Solutions.\n\n Will update one last time with final pictures of our newly remodeled pool.