I've been to NAGA twice now.  The first time I saw that it was on Horizon Ridge and because I'm geographically challenged I assumed that meant it was close to the area I'm familiar with near Eastern, Green Valley Parkway, etc.   It's not.  It's way east, near the Henderson Campus of CSN.   The 2nd time I had to work at the aforementioned Henderson Campus so it was a no brainer to go back for lunch as I find the majority of options in that area offend my delicate palate.\n\nThe food here is VERY good.  The first time I did a Tom Yum soup with Shrimp, and found it to be a nice version of the dish.  I liked the touch of them removing the lime leaves prior to serving to save me from that extra step (my laziness continues to show no bounds)  I also tried the NAGA salad with beef, which I found to be very similar to most restaurants' versions of a simple Thai Beef Salad.   The ingredients were fresh and everything tasted nice.    The 2nd visit I tried the Basil lunch special with pork.   Again the ingredients were fresh and everything tasted great.  The pleasant surprise was that the lunch special came with a little salad and a cup of lovely creamed corn soup.  Anyone who knows me knows I tend to hate salads, but this salad had several of those wonton crisp strip thingies that I adore so much which raised the bar considerably.  \n\nService has been nice both times (once dine in and once take out), but I did find it a little slow each time.  My biggest complaint though would be on the spice levels, as they ask for it out of 4.   I can't tell you how much I hate spicy scale levels not out of 10.  I like a 7 or 8 out of 10, and always find that a 4\/4 is too spicy and a 3\/4 is not spicy enough, and I never feel like restaurants take decimals or fractions seriously.   Do I really think they'll write down 3.67 to give to the chef making the meal?  No.  \n\nThe lunch specials are nicely priced at about $8.   I also ordered a \"Fresh Lemonade\" because I cannot resist it on any menu.  It cost $3 and while tasty, I felt the size didn't match the price charged.   \n\nAll in all, you should consider NAGA if you're ever in the dining hell that is east east Henderson or if you're tired of the other 523 Thai restaurants you can choose from.