It takes a lot to get me out of the house to socialize with other humans.  But the promise of a $5 vegan hot dog with unlimited topping choices (from a list of a gazillion) is enough for this girl to get her butt out the door and into the world.  \n\nI had been there once before but I was not aware of this magical hotdog menu and I thought it was just another crowded bar with lots of tall young men with curiously thick beards and girls with tattoos.  (No offense to those people-  my boyfriend is tall and has a beard and I have tattoos)\nNot until I read on Greendogwine.com (the fun website of a local foodie chicks' adventures) that this place was not your average bar.\n\nI took a friend of mine to Happy Dog on a Saturday night.  The place was packed wall-to-wall.  Like, hard to move or breathe packed.  We each had to pay a $5 cover charge to see a band I wasn't interested in seeing, which is kind of annoying because I just came for the food but I was on a mission and nothing was going to stop me.  Except ALL THESE FREAKIN' PEOPLE IN MY WAY.\n\nThere was no place to sit, not really even a place to comfortably stand without being way too intimately close with a stranger BUT the hotdog gods were watching us that night.  We lucked out and got 2 seats at the bar that a guy was saving for some friends that didn't show up.  Hallelujah!\n\nFood:  We ordered beer (don't ask me what kind, I only drink beer with intention to loosen my uptight ass up a little- or a lot) and got our hotdog checklist and little pencils.  This moment felt so sweet, I was giddy.  I got the vegan dog with kimchi, a pickle, tomato and something else that I forgot and fries with 4 different dipping sauces (I would have gotten all the dipping sauces but I didn't want to look too greedy).  My friend got the regular hotdog with kimchi, a pickle and a fried egg on tip and tator tots smothered in cheese.\nI expected to wait awhile since they were so busy but I was surprised and pleased when we got our dogs in about 10 minutes.  My vegan dog was everything I wanted and more.  A few bites into it I thought \"Damn, I'm gonna need another one\", but I actually got full really fast and couldn't finish my last bite.  The fries were great and the dipping sauces were fab.\n\nService:  Nothing but smiles all around.   They were appropriately staffed on such a busy night with the sweetest tattooed lady bartenders.  We never once had to wait for a beer refill, someone was always right there to swoop in and get us more drinks.  I was very impressed with the tight ship they run there.  \nI would be so overwhelmed with that crowd but they worked it like pros.  And the speed in which my dog was delivered to me was exceptional.\n\nI will be back.  Soon.