Don't. Just don't. Every horrible thing people have said on here is 100% true. I read reviews before going but kept thinking that it couldn't really be that bad. Trust me, it is. I'm not technologically advanced as far as 3D and 4D so I was sure that those things would interest me and seem cool. Wrong. It was sooooo bad. Let me lay out my complaints for you, one by one.\n\n1)We went on 12\/30 at 11:30 am. It was hot in the main dome. Uncomfortably so. This is AZ people. Even in the winter, the sun shines. Have adequate a\/c and ventilation ready.\n\n2)The lines. For heaven's sake, the lines. I've stood in shorter lines at Disneyland. Not too mention after you stand in each line the game lasts no more than a minute. So I just stood there for 45 minutes to be entertained for 60 seconds.\n\n3)Broken stuff. The registration booths were broken but they still gave you these stupid bracelets to wear. They did absolutely nothing. Nothing. Try to explain that to a 5 year old who wanted to scan his bracelet at every game or exhibit we went to. Also that day one of Spiderman's climbing \"walls\" (these were a freaking joke) were down as was some of the Ironman games.\n\n4)The expense. I took my 5 year old so he was free. Which was good because if he wasn't I would have been asking for my money back. Everything inside was overpriced, just like the ticket itself. They had a souvenir popcorn bucket for $10. You'd think for that price it would be something cool, printed with characters and stuff on it. No. It was a white bucket that said The Marvel Experience in black. That's it. \n\n6)The 3D\/4D portion. Both the movie and ride were ridiculous. For the movie you had to stand in this dome and crane your neck up to watch it on the ceiling. You weren't allowed to sit and watch this. No, that would make too much sense. Same for the ride except you were sitting in a vibrating chair for that one. It was still uncomfortably high on the ceiling. And you can only ride the ride once. This should be said with a huge disclaimer before you buy the tickets. Sure, it was kind of lame but if I had been able to ride it more than once it might have lessened the blow. \n\nOverall my 5 year old loved it. I can't imagine anyone over the age of 5 loving it though. He thought the ride was cool. It's just too bad we could only ride it once. If it came back next year I definitely wouldn't take him unless the prices the went down and everything else went up.