I'm going to give them a 4, even though I waffle around on this a little bit.  3....3.5....Some things Flancer's does very well, like their fresh bread....amazing!.....and that BLT.  Holy moley that was good!  Love the fresh avocado on that.  And awhile back I had a soup called beef poblano or something like that, and it was exceptional as well.  The Do You Feel Like I Fondue app was really tasty and rich, with green chiles, tender chicken, and lots of cheese, but I'm not sure how they call that fondue.  See the pic.  It's just a dip.\n\nBut then, there are the things that are not so good.  The baked potato soup we had last night was not good at all.  OK on the consistency of the soup, but it tasted like it was almost scorched and only had 3 small potatoes.  I don't know if the intention was to be more like a bisque, but usually when I have potato soup it has chucks of potato in it.  And I think the temp was too high, and\/or ours came from the bottom of the pot, because it had a hint of a scorched flavor.  My husband ordered the veggie side with the BLT and it was over half onions.  We've had a soggy pizza from them before too.\n\nI think they could improve their beer selection a little for marketing the fact that they have a good beer selection.  Usually it's a couple of local stand-bys and then they get something else on a rotating selection.  Last night it was New Belgium's Ranger IPA which we tried and was ok, but there are usually a limited number of choices.  To me if you're going to promote that you have a good beer selection you have a lot of choices.  You don't have to be Boulders on Broadway or Papago Brewing, but I don't know, maybe 8 or 10 would be nice instead of 4 or 5.  Shock Top is not a craft beer, and the choices of Bud Light, Coors Light, Miller Lite, and Michelob Ultra remind me of an old joke about what do having sex in a canoe and light beer have in common?   There's a prickly pear lemonade that's pretty good, but really, the only reason we went last night was to burn up a Groupon.  \n\nI don't know how often I'd go back.  Right now the construction around Gilbert and Guadalupe is very annoying, but I don't hold that against the restaurant.  They just seem to be a little inconsistent and I don't like the claustrophobic feel of this location.  There also have always been a lot of loud kids when we have been there.  Maybe in the future I'll just get a BLT to go and be extremely happy with that.