A perfect way to spend your birthday is at the spa, and that's what The Husband wanted for his birthday.  \n\nChoosing a weekday meant the spa would be empty, and it really was.  The staff were very welcoming as we entered after parking in the private lot in the back.  (This way you don't have to walk through the casino and hotel to get here.)\n\nArriving early, we both settled in at our respective lounge areas, reading a magazine and grabbing a cup of tea.  When the attendants came for us, they brought us to the couples room for our treatments.  The room was on the same level as the pool, but hidden away.  It was a very nice size room and I only wish we had more treatments that would have allowed us to use the bathtub and outdoor shower.\n\nWe both had the Stone Massage \"This light-pressure therapy combines traditional Swedish massage with use of warm, polished basalt stones strategically  placed on the body to promote circulation, boost the immune system and soften skin.\" for 80 minutes of pure bliss.  It was just lovely.  Our two therapists had slightly different techniques, but we both left very pleased with our treatments.\n\nWe had initially wanted their Shirodhara Hot Stone Massage and Shirodhara Scalp Experience, but were told when booking that they are still training the therapists in these types of techniques.  We were a bit bummed about that.\n\nAfter our treatments were finished, we sat outside by the spa pool and lazed around on a cabana.  We also ordered lunch (portabello mushroom burger and mini chili cheese hot dogs) along with some pricey alcoholic drinks.  We swam in the lap pool, sat in the steam room, jacuzzied, and eventually headed back downstairs to the spa.\n\nWe then spent time in the co-ed areas, which included a lounge room, an outdoor area, and a jacuzzi.  This is one of the best things about The Spa at Green Valley Ranch Resort - their coed areas.  Yes, some people could care less about this stuff, but for us, we were looking for areas where we could spend time together and this spa offered those spaces.\n\nThere is a co-ed fitness center available if you're so inclined too.\n\nBack in our own locker rooms, I enjoyed the jacuzzi, the steam room, and the lounge. I even tried out this machine that vibrated my body that targeted different regions.\n\nWhen we were done, we felt quite relaxed.  It was a good day for us.  Yes, it can get a bit pricey, so check out their website for rotating promotions going on.  When we went, it was Buy One, Get One Free.  So that was a nice perk.  \n\nNevada residents get 30% treatments right now too.\n\n4.5 stars