This place is ridiculous...LONG lines of traffic to get in to the venue is just the start of it...first of all, it took me SEVEN people to direct me CORRECTLY to where I had to park since I had a Premier Parking Pass for the Dierks Bentley\/Chris Young\/Chase Rice\/Jon Pardi concert...\n\nThen, being I am a member of Chris Young's Fan Club, I went to the Will Call booth to inquire where to pick up my Meet 'N Greet Pass. The guy running the booth was very rude and told me I had to go CLEAR AROUND to the West side of the place to get it! The email I had received from CY's fan club distinctly said the passes would be available at the EAST SIDE WILL CALL BOOTH...so imagine how pissed off I was that I had to trek my way on foot, in the raging heat, over to the west side to get this thing! Upon asking the guest relations people there where the meet and greet will take place, they had NO CLUE WHATSOEVER! \n\nAlso, it says on the Ak-Chin Pavilion website that concertgoers can bring in cameras that do not have detachable lenses and are not the big professional type...small zoom-lens cameras and pocket cameras are accepted. I go to bring mine in and they DENIED me! Told me I had to put my camera in my car...yet they let EIGHT OTHER PEOPLE by me in with theirs and theirs were the SAME TYPE AS MINE!!!! WHAT THE HOLY HELL??? This really annoyed me, as if every other thing I went through wasn't bad enough!\n\nSo...after I went through all that rigmarole, I get inside and I asked the guest relations people where the meet and greet will take place. These two women running the booth told me where and even when...and they were very helpful, polite, and friendly! Finally, someone with some brains in the place!\n\nThe concert itself was great...sound and visuals were amazing and well worth the money to come see the show. However, security did absolutely NOTHING to clear the narrow walkways to go get food and drinks, restroom breaks, souvenirs, etc. Instead, I came away with bruises and a sore hand from some drunk idiot who hit me with his beer bottle because he wasn't paying attention. Security in this place SUCKS! \n\nIt will take me a LOT to ever come to another concert here!!!