Let me preface this... This is not the review I was anticipating writing. And that's because this is the second time I've been to Burger Theory with my co-workers. The previous visit was good enough to entice us to come back. This visit was especially disappointing.\n\nMost of the five guys (burger pun un-intended) I ate lunch with today, were there for the first visit as well. Collectively, we agreed that after the number of miscues today, we don't see much of a reason to return.\n\nThe highs: The environment is modern, inviting and clean. Regardless of the service, the burgers are really delicious. My BT Burger with the house KGB sauce was cooked perfectly (med rare) last time. And the Lone Star (this visit) with bacon, BBQ sauce and an onion ring was also wonderful, despite being cooked med well.\n\nThe lows: We chalked up the poor service on our previous visit to the fact that Burger Theory had just opened. I guess we were optimistic that the opening jitters had subsided. Unfortunately, they haven't.\n\nOur server today was very friendly, but that will only get  you so far. Today we were celebrating a birthday. We waited a very long time for the food to arrive and the birthday boy didn't get a turkey burger as requested. It was beef and over cooked. He sent it back and ultimately waited so long for the re-cook that he had it boxed to go. The burgers didn't all arrive at the same time either. One of my co-workers asked for a drink refill. His glass was taken and never returned. When our server learned of the birthday, he insisted that he bring out the complimentary chocolate mousse. Because there was no priority on getting the re-cook to the table, the mousse was all he ate.\n\nThen, an attitude was detected when asked to split the check five ways. When the checks arrived, they were wrong. One drink was missing (finally, an error in our favor!) An order of fries was on the wrong check, as if one of us had asked for two orders. One of us was almost charged for the complimentary mousse! And last but not least, the cards were mixed up between a couple of books when they were returned.\n\nI don't recall ever leaving a restaurant in such a bad mood, after eating something so good. The general mood was captured in my co-workers expression below... BT! Are you listening? Time to get your act in gear!