After deciding to buy a new home while still owning one, I write my first Yelp review, after the very long and tedious wait. After a few months of being frugal, for once in my life, I told my wife it was time for our much needed date night. Of coarse she picked my favorite... sushi! I have to admit when she said lets just go somewhere local I was a little weary at first. If you read some of my earlier reviews, not only do I love sushi, but I can also be a bit over critical on sushi restaurants. I typically do not like your local downscale sushi joints. They tend to be, lets just say.... quantity over quality. I am really pleased to say that after the dinner I just had, I was completely 100% wrong. After my first few bits I looked at my wife and said \"I am going to Yelp the crap out of this place when we get home\".\n\n\nAt first sight, Osaka is certainly not eye opening place, but it is certainly a diamond in the rough. In this case, great food and service in a small, older strip mall. We were definitely well greeted and well treated from the start. The restaurant wasn't super busy but it did have a good amount of people there. We sat at the sushi bar and all of the wait staff served us throughout the night. I miss that type of service from restaurants when all of the servers work as a team. The sushi chefs were extremely pleasant and were very talented as well. \n\nAs soon as I started seeing the sushi coming out, it made me start to rethink my position about the food. It appeared to be quality and quantity. As usual I ordered a bunch of different rolls and appetizers. They also sent us out a couple of appetizers on the house for us to try out as well. They gave us a tuna carpaccio and a crab salad app that were both to die for. The crab salad came out on fire as very aesthetically pleasing. We also got their volcano roll, tuna trio, the godfather roll and the kiss roll. All of them not only looked amazing but also tasted out of this world. I completely loved all of them. I am not a huge fan of cream cheese in my sushi so I was only able to eat a couple pieces of the godfather but it was really good. The one huge kicker about all of the amazing sushi is that pretty much all of their rolls are under $10. That quality of food, specially for seafood is almost unheard of.\n\n\nUltimately, I was happy my wife picked Osaka. I am also glad that I broke the local sushi bar stereotype as well. Certainly, I am excited that we found such a great sushi restaurant near our new house. Definitely give it a try if your east of the city one day.