Shame Shame Shame on you Hikari. I have used yelp for many years just for searching restaurant reviews but have not ever joined this site until now.  I have never ever been this upset at a business until i stepped into this one.  I would never ever set foot into this business again.  My family and i total of 7 paying adults came in for the ALL YOU CAN EAT.  My youngest daughter is only 2 years old which is the 8th person and only likes to eat a couple of California rolls which i did not think it was a problem to just give her some off of ours from the all you can eat order we are getting.  When ordering the server  taking our order said it was not OK to do that but if she ordered something from the kids meal then she can and so we did what she had told us.  We ordered something off the kids meal which was chicken and rice for over $8 which my daughter did not like at all and started eating a little of our California rolls which i mean just a couple of pieces of our food which we where told it was OK by our server.  Our server comes back to us looking like she made the biggest mistake ever goes and tells us that her lady manager said to her we cant do that and for her to tell us that our 2 year old daughter can not eat off of our plates.  The manager wanted to charge us the full kids buffet price of roughly over $16 dollars and don't forget she is just 2 years old.  We did not make this mistake that employee made this mistake by telling us something that is not true and as a professional manager of a restaurant they should have honored what the employee said and not put us into this kind of situation.  My whole family had never ever been so upset that a business would do such a thing to a 2 year old.  the manager wanted to charge us for a full order of California rolls for my 2 year old but we had told her that this is just for my daughter and not us and she cant finish the whole order of California rolls and don't forget we had already paid for a chicken and rice dish that my daughter did not like at all so she can eat a little off our plates because that was what our server said would be OK.  The lady manager had reduced it to half the order of California rolls for half the price but after putting up a fight and telling her that this was wrong and not our fault.  We purchased the half order of California roll because our daughter looked sad that she could not eat ours.\n\nNow to tell you about everything else well you already know how we feel about the service.  We came in first and of course asked for a high chair and asked again and asked again then it finally came after asking 3X so you can see requesting service is just not there but bringing the food we ordered to our table is not a problem but requesting something simple obviously is. My water stayed empty for so long.  If you like quantity over quality then this is the place to go. The sashimi was not cut right from what i know it supposed to be cut in very small pieces not huge pieces.  I felt like i was stepping all over crumbs off the floor walking in. The place is old looking and a little on the depressing side to me.  Knowing we are this upset they still included the tip in the bill and this place doesn't even include any desert in the all you can eat menu so don't expect that.  I have been to one other AYCE up in Vegas when visiting and will be returning back to that one and never ever setting foot back in this one.  I would say that this place with my experience is not kid friendly at all.  Shame Shame Shame on you.