To skip my nostalgia, proceed to the ***\n\nUntil Muku, they only experience I'd had with ramen was the college experience. You know, the one where you and the roommates roll into the Superstore parking lot in 1988 Mazda and a cloud of smoke (from the car, of course). You pool your pennies together (remember pennies?) and if you're lucky, you have enough for the giant bold yellow box of No Name ramen noodles. Hooray, nourishment for a month! There were two ways I knew how to cook these noodles - you could put them in a pot of water, get distracted with Mario Kart and come back to a mushy mess, or you could open the package and gnaw on the brick of them. To me, that was ramen. While I look back fondly on this experience, I'm also very happy to say that Muku Japanese Noodle House shattered it!\n\n***Before you even get into the restaurant you will pass two signs exclaiming NO SUSHI! Judging by the signs, It seems like maybe a person or two has come in asking if they carry sushi.  I don't know if they do or not. I didn't ask.\n\nGet ready to be cozy with your neighbours and possibly wait in a line. I was there at 6:30 on a very cold Thursday and there was no line, but it was right full. They've got a waiting list at the front as I'm sure on any other less arctic day, you'll have a wait.\n\nThe servers were so friendly and very quick. I went for the Kanban - the Miso Ramen their menu says they're famous for, but with fatty pork (their words) and cabbage on top.\n\nThe servers were quick. The food? not so much. After ordering it took about half an hour for the soup to arrive. It didn't seem like I was forgotten about as other people were waiting about this long. I guess that's just how long noodles take here. Be prepared to not be quickly in and out.\n\nAs you may have gathered from the opening ramble, I'm no ramen expert. But I did get a tasty, hot and filling meal that had me diving in full face-plant., slurping, and  being an embarrassing mess. They had classic rock radio turned up and as it turns out, Eric Clapton makes for some top notch ramen munchin' music. I loved every second of it.\n\nOnce your done with your eye opening ramen experience you can hone your driving skills trying to leave their tight parking lot. How did I get in there??\n\nMuku is quirky, adorable and cool. I can't wait to bring people here!