This place is an absolute nightmare.  Harrahs sent us free room nights and, unfortunately, by the time we called to book, the only place with openings was the Imperial Palace.  I would never stay here again - I would much rather pay the $10 or $20 more and not feel like I was getting infected with who knows what... \n\nWe paid the $20 extra and got a suite at check-in. (It was sold to us as on the quiet side of the hotel... more about THAT later)  As we entered the room, I knew I had walked into a room that had not had any renos since the early 1990's.  This was confirmed when I called my mom, explained my room to her and she said it sounded identical to one she stayed in at IP in 1995... Perfect.  The mirror on the ceiling was interesting and I would have to say it was the only good part of our room.  \n\nThe toenails and pubic hair that I found in the washroom were pretty much the most disgusting things I have ever seen in a hotel room... not to mention that they were in the jacuzzi tub that was in the MIDDLE of the room.  I refuse to believe that a housekeeper just failed to notice them.  It was in plain sight.  At the airport on the way back I spoke with some people on our flight we were telling me about the dirty underwear they found in their room at the IP... so I assume this is no isolated incident. \n\nThe bed was comfortable, but no question, Bills (generally $26.95 per night) just down the street has better beds (not to mention the rooms are amazing there... and clean).  Unfortunately, being on the 'quiet side' means you are on the construction side.  So no matter how quiet it is as night, at 7:30am without fail the construction started.  Making it IMPOSSIBLE to sleep.\n\nPlug-ins in the room do not work making it impossible to charge even a cellphone. The carpet was stained god knows what.  Even my beloved ceiling mirror was covered in a strange substance (you can use your imagination on that one...).      \n\nOh my gosh I cannot express enough to NOT STAY HERE.\n\nIf I could look past the toenail clippings and pubic hair I might give this place 2 stars - they have celeb impersonators as dealers in the casino, the location is super legit and the IP is home to Hash House A Go Go.  But I just can't.