Came here on the first night of their invite only \"soft opening\" after the manager surprisingly invited me and my guests for a gastronomic experience. Freddy, the manager of this very first revolving sushi restaurant in Vegas, gave us a warm welcome upon our arrival. Walking inside the entrance, we were seated at a booth right next to the open kitchen areas where the executive chef and sushi chefs did their magic. \n\nThe conveyer belts of sushi are split in the middle of each booth. It's really appetizing to see each belt filled up with actual sushi and no empty plates or huge gaps in between. On a cleanliness level, so far so good! Plus the concept of a sushi-go-round restaurant is always entertaining while grubbing on your favorite roll of sushi or nigiri. You are also able to place special orders (nigiri, special rolls, appetizers, side dishes, gourmet orders, desserts) via tablet, in which each dish speeds towards your table atop the conveyor belt like a Roomba but instead of cleaning, it serves you food!  \n\nSeveral servers would always stop by to take our trays and larger gourmet plates so that it wouldn't stack the table space. Our main server, Jeremy, was very attentive and provided us with outstanding hospitality. He definitely made sure that nothing was amiss and our glasses would always be filled. Since it was their first day and management is still working out the kinks, even when the conveyor belt system had an internet slowdown, Jeremy was able to make sure we had our orders readily by jotting them down specifically on a notepad until the system came back online. \n\nTo start with, the cocktails we ordered are: sapporo sour (matcha on light alcohol without so much of the bitterness), tokyo summer (definitely my fave as there is yuzu flavor and hints of citrusy elderflower in it), peach saketini (this is pretty strong in the alcohol department, i would go for this only if i'm ready to paint the town red), and lychee margarita (also somewhat strong, but it creeps up on you later on).\n\nThey have $2.50 TORO!! Super, duper fresh. Didn't even need much soy sauce to soak most of the nigiris and rolls in and they were plenty tasteful. I also do believe that they have salmon belly nigiri. It was juicy and satisfying with every bite, and strangely filling. I didn't have to over order this one at all.The sushi appetizer, orange salmon, is extremely similar to a local restaurant's sake orenji (but without the yuzu tobiko and thinly mini jalapeno slices) which is a huge plus in my book. It's also affordable so at any possibility, I would come by every week just for this dish as it's my favorite out of the rest! Fresh and juicy but not an overdose of yuzu! It was just right, especially with the portions to share among 4 people. \n\nGourmet dishes that we ordered but not limited to: ribeye (medium rare; juicy and of decent portion), pork belly (warm in cute cube form, also juicy), black cod (light and buttery soft), and shrimp (loved that they deshelled the center to make it easier for customers to eat - it means that the chefs put careful consideration on how they prepare their meals for us). I feel that each surprisingly nicely presented dish had an array of flavor however I would like to see a slight improvement on the black cod because it's so mushy. \n\nBecause their solid desserts weren't available at the time, we opted to try each of their ice cream flavors: vanilla, pineapple, pistachio, and green tea. The vanilla was surprisingly not lusterless or plain at all, very creamy in texture, and when you mix it with the pineapple its like eating dole whip! The pineapple honestly reminded me of a yuzu sorbet-- citrusy and I would love to order this in between sushi dishes to clean my palate. Pistachio was definitely nutty but did not overpower my tastebuds at all. Green tea didn't have a bitter aftertaste at all so it was easy to eat with every scoop. \n\nUltimately, I would definitely come back here again for their salmon belly nigiri, orange salmon, and the rest of their dessert selections when it becomes available!