There I was wandering around Vegas looking like I was fresh from the jungle which is close to the truth, but not quite.  Remember, I'm 'ethnic' and my hair looks it as well. \n\nWhen I'm at home, I regularly style this stuff myself. But since I've embarked on this great journey I've just let it go completely. Well, my traveling companion decided he needed a haircut. Vegas is his home base so he knows his way around. He said he 'knew a place' where both men and women go to get coiffed. I scoffed! What, I say? I should have my hair styled where men are present?\n\nHe took me to this nondescript strip mall, the outside completely unimpressive. We walked in to what appeared a low end super cuts...but we were greeted promptly and friendly. There's an older woman (around my age), a dude, and a younger looking woman who cannot decide which color to wear her hair (her name is Crystal I discover...of course it is, this is Vegas).\n\nMy friend signs in immediately, however, I'm still undecided. Crystal asks, 'Are you getting a haircut today too?' I reply, 'Can you do a blow out?' She says, 'Sure' and whisks away my friend to begin the experiment on him. The dude meanders over and asks if I'm getting a haircut. I explain I'm hoping for a blow out. He points to Crystal...figures. I sign in and sit down.\n\nI watch the older woman finish her client...you know, the ones who get their hair done once a week and are careful how they sleep on it...like my grandma always did, very sweet. She follows her up with another blue hair. I'm listening in...this is a man (they truly do unisex hair here). He explains he's an 87 year-old WWII vet. The stylist listens intently and engages him in all kinds of conversation...very entertaining.\n\nSo now my friend is finished. I assess the work before agreeing to let Crystal go at me. He looks good. It's symmetrical, all the lines are clean...I jump in. I explain to Crystal I know I need a haircut, but I'm going right back to harsh, unforgiving climates and it'd be like  putting a dress on a pig. I explain I just wanna look like a female again for the day. \n\nShe's very polite and friendly, she puts me at ease immediately. I figure the hair color thing is another young person thing which mystifies me. She takes me to the washing station. I'm quiet. We styled my grandmother's hair growing up, she always fell asleep during the hair washing evolution. Crystal is firm and thorough...I'm feeling better about it all.\n\nWe return to her chair and she goes to work. Bottom line: when she's done I'm thrilled. I can't believe my hair is still capable of looking like this, amazing! It's smooth, soft, and silky. Crystal told me come back again before I leave and she'd do it all over again.  I don't know if I will, but not because I wouldn't. \n\nThey are a cash-only business. Not sure that's the best business model, but it shouldn't be enough to keep you from stopping in. So...in this case, don't judge the book by its cover. Unimpressive facade, and strange (or unfamiliar) choice of hair color equated to a wonderful experience for me. Give em a go if in the area. You'll be glad you did.