So my baby girl got her first haircut!  She is a wiggle worm and is never still, so we figured we needed a salon that catered to little kids.  I asked some friends and they recommended Cool Cuts 4 Kids, so this is where we ended up.\n\nThe salon itself is all about kids.  You walk in the door and you are just surrounded with everything kiddo related, even the hair care products.  There are lots of things to make your kids feel welcomed like a play section, video games you can play, and movies you can pick out to watch during your hair cut.  My kiddo went straight for the play tables and was in heaven.  We signed up for the haircut and were quickly called back, to my daughter's dismay because she wanted to keep playing.  Our stylist, Karina, was very friendly and got my daughter all settled in her hair cut car (what the kids sit in) and got the tv at her station on to what I kid wanted to watch (Nick Jr to the rescue!).  She then asked my hubby and I what we wanted done and showed us before she started cutting.  I liked this because I don't want my kid looking goofy.  \n\nEverything was smooth until the cape went on my daughter.  I don't know what happened, but she freaked out.  It took all 3 of us to get her settled down enough so the lady could cut her hair.  The stylist had some tricks up her sleeve to get my daughter to relax and we eventually got through the hair cut.  I think it was worth it coming here for that very reason, because I am not sure a regular place could handle a screaming 20 month old.\n\nA nice thing they did was the My First Haircut kit that they give you.  It is a paper picture frame that you can put a picture on of your kiddo getting their hair cut.  The stylist also collects the hair that has been cut and puts it in a little baggie that attaches to the frame.  It isn't fancy, but it is a nice little thing that you can put in your kid's baby book.\n\nWe were there right when it opened and got right in, but it filled up quickly after we arrived.  I would recommend getting a reservation or you may be waiting a while.  If you are waiting though, the kids will be entertained, so it isn't as bad as waiting elsewhere.\n\nThere is also a card you can sign up for to earn freebies and get coupons sent to you.  It is free to sign up for and you start getting points from your first service.\n\nThe price is a little high for a kid's hair cut being $17.95.  It is just a simple cut like what you get at Great Clips or SuperCuts, but they do have a lot of stuff for the kiddos.  I know I pay a lot more for my haircuts, so I figured it was worth it to get someone that knows how to handle kids.  They do seem to go out of their way to make your kid happy or at least relaxed after a freak out like what we had.