This was my 2nd and final time eating at Mimi's Cafe.  Please keep in mind also that I was not aware that this was a chain restaurant either.  My sister and I decided to have dinner here.  Now I am not expecting the restaurant staff to roll out a red carpet because I have deemed their establishment the place I want to eat, but could they at least be friendly and act as though they care we are eating there?  \n\nThe hostesses were extremely friendly, we were sat almost instantly.  The server on the other hand was another story.  She was not friendly at all.  As mentioned I had only eaten here one other time so I was a little confused on what came with the mean, you know soup or salad and then desert at the end for what ever price.  She came off rather rude because she had to explain it to me and then had to throw in \"WELL I am not sure how long ago you were last here but that is how this has always been!!\"  I was just confused because I thought you could choose either an appetizer or a desert....only because that is what happened the last time I was there.  \n\nApparently they no longer bring you the bread basket, you actually have to ask for it which I find strange.  She did take our drink order and I was happy that they came promptly; however, we sat for 20 minutes waiting for her to come back to take our actual food order....we were sitting there with empty glasses at this point.  \n\nShe did come back with more drinks and bread, no apology for making us wait for that length of time, and no the place was not that packed.  When we thanked her for bring refills and bread she just turned around and walked away.  No \"your welcome\" or no \"my pleasure\", I mean come on we thanked you, the least you could do is say you are welcome right? \n\nSomeone else brought us our food, I was very disappointed, I ordered the sweet and sour chicken, the chicken breast was very thin and extremely tiny.  The sauce tasted as though someone hit up the Asian isle at Walmart and emptied an entire bottle top of some brown rice and some overly cooked vegetables.  By the this time our drinks needed to be refilled someone brought over tea, we thanked her, she just turned away never saying your welcome. \n\nNo one came over to see how the food was, I actually overheard a couple asking another server what was good there to eat, that server actually said \" I do not know I am new here, I just moved like last week, so I will give you a few minutes and come back to you\"  I personally think, especially since I have worked in restaurants, EVEN if you do not know, find something that people have actually commented on, or people order a lot.  I think it looks bad if the staff cannot offer up a suggestion and even if she really did not know, JUST PICK SOMETHING LOL!!  \n\nThe manager made his way into the area where we were sitting and took a view of the room, I thought he would actually thank people for coming in, or ask how their food was, but nope, he just looked around like he forgot where he was and how he got there and then left.   \n\nMy sister ordered the Squash Ravioli and shrimp, it was actually really good.  I really wished I would have ordered that instead.  The next time our server came to the table was guess when?????? BINGO when it was time to drop off the check and that is when she seem to be a little more friendly!  I never understood why bad servers actually think that being nice at the very end of the meal is going to erase my memory of all the horrible service they provided before they dropped off the check?!!\n\nAs we were leaving she never even said, \"Thanks for coming in, or Happy Holiday's or Have a Great Night \"  Upon leaving I did inform the hostess that our server was terrible and i would not be eating here again, all she said was \"Sorry\"