I am amazed at the lack of thinking that has gone into some of the reviews of the Tropicana. \nTorn down ..... no way !!\nOld School Vegas ..... of course ! it is one of the oldest in Vegas.\nYou get what you pay for ....... of course you do !\nInternet access 14.00 a day  .... who comes to Vegas for the Internet ???\n\nYou stay at the Tropicana because it is on the corner of  the Strip with the MGM, the New York NewYork and a simple tram ride from the Excalibur down to the Mandalay Bay.\nThink about it ...\nYou room is costing you $100.00 - 160.00 less per night than if you were right across the street at the mega hotel complex.\nIf you are in Vegas to party, to visit the studio 54, to drink, to dance, to hit the table games at the casino, then think of the money you have to work with by \"walking across the street.\"\nIf you are on your honeymoon and plan to stay in your room for quite a while then get a room at the Venetian ....\nIf not - use common sense and spend your money where it does the most good - not on a room that you see in the dark of night.\nThe tropicana lends itself to some excellent experiences, party across the street at Studio 54, eat at the 9 Fine Irishmen in the New York. Splurge at the Craftsteak in the MGM with the money you saved on your room. Take that 100.00 and by in at the poker room at the MGM.\nThe tropican pool is a great experience in the summer, with all those little isolated coves and the swim up blackjack - the first in vegas.\nYes, you do have to walk a ways to your room, the rooms in the garden area are old and simple, the towers are a bit nicer and yes the food is probably not what you are hoping for but the key is LOCATION.\nMy son and 4 of his friends stayed comfortably with me in one of the tower rooms, so don't talk about cramped style.\nI am amazed at the people who want to pay 49.95 a night for a room and then think they are going into a room that is the same as the Bellagio ......\nThink LOCATION ......... just  think a little and you will have a grand time at one of the old Grand Dames of Vegas.