Very unprofessional. Very strongly recommend that you do not use this office. Surprised they are still in business.  I would give 0 stars if possible.\n\nWe were informed by the Secritary that we would be getting keys  and able to move in on a Friday. Later, once we were approved, the woman working on our approval told me \"your Realitor lied to you\" about getting keys on a Friday. They she proceeded to write a very rude and unprofessional email to our Realitor who we liked very much, scolding her for telling us we could get our keys on Friday. Our Realitor was informed by the Secritary that we would get keys on Friday...\nThe woman who was working to get us approved left the office all day for a scheduled operation and did not inform us of this ahead of time, nor did she she tell us that she was the only person who was able to work on our paperwork. So when I called to check on the status of our approval, the Secritary spoke to me like I was an idiot. She asked, \n\"oh! You didn't know (that the woman working on your approval) was out for surgery?!\".\nLater in the conversation she asked me, like she was speaking with Someone who couldn't speak English \"do.you.have.a.fax.num.ber....?\"\nWhen I answered her in the same tone, like she was an idiot, she awkwardly laughed and stopped speaking in that tone.\nshe was so annoyed that I was even calling her. She talked me around in circles. She wouldn't bother getting up to find  answers to my questions. Telling me that the woman who was out for surgery was the only person who could answers ANY of my questions. Throughout the entire conversation, the Secritary continued to call me \"honey\" in a derogatory tone. I asked her why the woman who was out for surgery was the only person who could look at our paperwork and tell us what else needed to be submitted, and the Secritary snapped at me saying \n\"We are all very busy here honey, I have over 30 properties in working with!\"\n\nWhen I called back hours later, in a snippy tone, the Secritary was able to answer my previous questions, and I told her that that's what I was asking earlier, and she asked me why I didn't ask that in the first place... \nAny ways.. It's difficult to explain here how much I did not enjoy working with these people. \nWe were approved, but decided not to work with these yahoos.