I just came home from Ichiban and boy was I disappointed. First impression of the restaurant, very modern and a HUGE space. They use iPads to order, like a lot of japanese AYCE restaurants as well. There was a area where you could get your own appetizers, soups and desserts near the sushi bar. I would have to say that the noise level there was pretty high as the place got more full. Their service wasn't as fast as I would've hoped. They seemed to be understaffed for such a large restaurant. Everytime we had to submit our order through the iPad we would have to wait for someone to come to us with their password to send it off to the kitchen. To think that they would have some sort of notice that someone wanted to send an order in.... yea, no. \n\nWe took a good look at the menu, they had some Dim Sum, some Korean dishes and some Thai dishes as well, but none looked appealing to me so I went for my defaults: Sashimi and grilled foods. They didn't have a huge variety of foods as their menu was pretty small or maybe just a lot of things weren't appealing. I would say the price is not worth it for what they have to offer. Their fish is not really fresh and they are cut in REALLY thin slices. They had a lot of interesting foods like the \"Jellyfish sushi\" and \"sashimi chip\" (which is pretty much bits of sashimi like you see in sushi rolls on top of a pringles chip) it was gross by the way. We also order a \"torched duck sushi\" which legit looked like smoked ham when it got to our table and it didn't taste that good. Everything seems overly-refrigerated, my saba sashimi was pretty much breaking as I picked it up with my chopsticks. Their beef tataki had a sauce which it was drowning in that was really sour. It seemed to have a lot of lemon juice in it which totally ruined the taste of the beef. Nevermind you can't even taste the beef. \n\nAll their grilled foods have a really sweet teriyaki sauce that ruins all the natural flavours. Their skewers ... (we tried lamb and shrimp) had a really bad odour to it. Perhaps it was the spices they have chosen to use, it smelled like someone's B.O. (like they haven't showered or anything)\n\nI heard some music start to get louder and louder and I was wondering what was going on, apparently it was someone's birthday and they were playing the birthday song (which the beginning did not sound like it at all) and they brought out a cake with a candle and had a camera ready. I thought this was pretty cute.\n\nBased on my overall experience, I probably will not return here but it is worth a try. Perhaps it was just my opinion on their food but hope they are successful.