I'd been eyeing this place for months so when the opportunity presented itself, I immediately dragged my family to come here with me. I'll admit that while reading the reviews, I was in two minds. There were really great ones, and then there were really bad ones. It was between here and Watan or Kandahar, so for the sake of trying something new, we chose Roman. Unfortunately, we left wishing we had gone to one of those instead. You've surely heard the saying, \"all that glitters isn't always gold\"? Tolkien must have had Roman Zaman in mind when he wrote that. As far as the copper cultery & decoration goes, we were certainly impressed. Service was seemingly good at the beginning but quickly became annoying. \n\nUpon walking in, you're greeted by a beautiful, very traditional bench you can't help but sit down on and take a few pictures. All my energy went in to ensure my mother didn't pull out her phone to take a picture and instead be seated. Besides the bench, there's an odd out of place table at the front of the store with beautifully decorated bowls which also consumed equally as much energy out of me as my mum wanted to take them home. That pretty! Albeit very out of place. Ever been in a science fair where they display their projects on a table and you walk past and stare? It pretty much looked like an elementary school science fair exhibit. \n\nWe were seated very quickly and presented the menus (which were falling apart and could have used an upgrade or two) and our server gave us a few minutes before coming back to take our orders. Not long after he took our orders, the food came out. Rather promptly for a national holiday which we expected to be quite busy, however, was not (which is great if you're a family of hermits like we are!). I'd seen pictures of the food which looked colourful and opted for mushroom and lentil soup. The mushroom soup was superb, the portions of both were adequate considering it was a starter. Now, this is where it kind of went downhill and my initial excitement dissipated. The menu also stated that the lentil had carrots which were nowhere to be found. Unless they were mashed in, in which case, they were nowhere to be tasted regardless. The lentil soup was essentially \"daal\" (if you're South Asian, you know!) so avoid that if you're South Asian like I am and have that at home in your yogurt containers in the fridge (little bit of an inside joke there). So I had high expectations for the lentil soup but in the end, nothing special. My sister also ordered Yalanji which never showed up until mid-way through our meal when we called the server and he went to the kitchen to ask. Turns out, they were out of it - meaning their food isn't fresh, but pre-cooked. The mains are what really let us down the most! Especially my sister. She got a meat kebab of sorts. We didn't expect GIGANTIC portions, but neither did we expect that tiny of a portion. On a sad looking lonesome, soggy pita sat one lone (and small!) kebab. If it was one BIG or even a feasible kebab, trust me, I would not be bitching about it as much. But it was TINY! With my sister being coy and not wanting to bother anybody or speak up about it, much to my dismay, she accepted her fate and dug in. It was actually depressing! We all ended up sharing our platters with her and even then, we had to drive her to a nearby place to grab some food and drink. One of the biggest signs of poor dining, when you leave starving. Fix up!\n\nAs for myself, I ordered the chicken escalope with french fries and a \"salad.\" Salad being in quotes because I literally got a spoon of parsley\/coriander with four measly pomegranates on top next to it. The escalope (breaded chicken essentially) was more than forgettable and I've never had something more bland. No pita with it. Nothing. Huge, huge, huge disappointment for what you're paying. The sauces that were provided were afterthoughts, mere spoonfuls shoved in to a tiny container that was gone within seconds - not because it was delicious, but because it was barely in there. \n\nService was good at the start. Then it got annoying as we were being watched & constantly badgered while we ate. The server kept coming to pick up plates WHILE we were still eating, and had the audacity to ask if everything was good afterwards. Got ready to finish a soup and it was gone! Not only did the server keep roaming around like a fly but also the manager. Probably because we weren't locals neither were we Arab? We stuck out like a sore thumb.  Looking back at the photos of other reviewers, we were better off sticking to the appetizers and teas because those were bigger and looked a hundred times more filling than the actual entrees which were a waste of money. Wanted to love this place but leaving with a horribly bitter taste in my mouth...and not from the Arabic coffee! It gets a one lonely star from me