I just got back from this place and uh... nope!\n\nMy experience was lack luster. The overall atmosphere was uninviting and awkward. My stylist was alright. She looked like all the partying she did during the holidays caught up cause she looked hungover (seriously!! even the other stylist asked if she wanted to come out after work, but my stylist said she was planning on going home because she was tired) She worked really fast, but didn't really give much consultation and didn't care to look at her work after she finished cutting and blow drying. She asked if I wanted to get my hair flat ironed and then later said: \"your hair is so straight, you don't need it flat ironed.\" Yes, my hair is straight, but I've never had a stylist change her mind to flat iron my hair. My stylist was busy having a conversation with the stylist beside her and was talking about how her assistant (the new girl) is always M.I.A in front of me and another client. I didn't find that professional. \n\nEven though I am pleased my hair is short, I wasn't pleased with my experience there. After I was done, the stylist didn't even help me get my coat like most salons do. She looked hella pleased that she finished in minutes (possibly world record for her) I said: \"You're fast!\" She smiled and replied: \"Time is money\" Too bad there was no one else for her to work on after me.\n\nAs I cashed out I had to wait for my sister. I was a little jealous cause she got a proper experience with her stylist. As I sit waiting I see the new girl sitting in the waiting table eating New York Fries. So professional! I see my stylist get up and leave and come back with food and sitting on the chair on her cellphone. Later I see her, the new girl and the receptionist busy gossiping - more professionalism at its finest. \n\nAs my sister and I were going home my sister told me that the new girl mentioned, during our hair wash, that we could donate our hair. My sister made it clear that she can't donate her hair because her hair is dyed unlike mine. Funny thing is, no one at that salon had mentioned that my hair is long enough to donate - what a waste! Sorry locks of love. \n\nI'll be sending a tweet to Tabitha Coffey of Tabitha's Salon Takeover for such poor professionalism and laziness at this salon. Would Tabitha do anything.. probably not, but I figured.. why not try.