I have seen Rod Stewart 3 times, once at the MGM Grand Garden and now twice at the Colosseum at Caesars Palace.  The show is fantastic and the venue is too!\n\nWhen he was many years younger, Stewart told an interviewer from Rolling Stone Magazine that he didn't intend to become a parody of himself by singing \"Do You Think I'm Sexy\" when he was fifty years old.  Now the 68 year old Stewart, as of January, closes his show with just that song and there's a mention of the interview on the LCD panel above.  And, many of the women of all ages think he is.\n\nThe show, as another reviewer stated, starts promptly at 7:30.  If you come later, you'll be missing something so plan ahead.  Stewart changes his show a bit now and then by singing some of the songs from the album he released earlier in 2013.  Last night, he did one song from the new album.  But he did many of the standards--\"Have I Told You Lately\"; \"The First Cut Is the Deepest\"; \"Rhythm of My Heart\"; \"Forever Young\"; and \"Hot Legs\" to name a few.  The only gem I wish he'd do in the show would be \"If Only.\"  I really love that song.\n\nStewart is a very active performer moving to all areas of the large stage and through the audience as he's backed up by a superb group of musicians and fine singers.  He takes full advantage of the band members' talents.  Periodically, he leaves the stage to change clothes--no, he's not as bad as Cher with clothes--but it gives the singers and band members a chance to showcase their individual and collective talents!  It also gives the 68 year old a chance to take a break.\n\nHe kicks personally signed soccer balls to the audience and you're lucky if you can get one.  He keeps the chatter to a minimum unlike some performers who have to talk forever about where a song came from, who their parents are, or even to introduce them.  The one song from the new album that he sang last night was an homage to his father and even the intro to that song was just a minimum--what it needs to be to explain it.\n\nOne note to the super fans and the younger crowd in the audience.  In case you didn't know, when you buy a ticket to the show, you get the seat, too!  At no extra cost!  Free!  Really!  Would I kid you?  You paid $250 plus fees so sit in the damn seat.  And guys, swaying your asses isn't sexy--it just means you've been hitting the sauce too much in Las Vegas.  On the other hand, there were a few cuties last night that shook their stuff and they (the women) were fine!  Other than that, except for a few songs when everyone's up and swinging, sit the hell down!