150th Yelp Review!! WOOT WOOT!!! \n\nIt's a Sunday afternoon date, which was nice because the weekend was action packed for me, so a lunch date was just right. He picked the place, I do like that when the man picks the place and he even scores big points with me because it wasn't a chain restaurant, not that he would know that I'm on this only eating at local places & Yelp about it mission this year lol. \n\nI didn't ask him where we were headed but was pleasantly surprised because we were at the Cofco Chinese Cultural Center, never been and have always wanted to go check out, was kinda disappointed in how small it was. Walked around and checked out a few things still wasn't sure of the reason we were here, then we walked into Szechwan Palace and I thought gosh this is cute little place.\n\nFrom the time we walked in I got the feeling he was a regular their and wondered how many of his dates he brought here LOL The ladies were happy to see him and were talking with him, I of course had no clue what was being said cuz they all were talking in Chinese.  \n\nGot to our table, had a very hard time trying to figure out what I wanted to try, I found lots of dishes that I wanted, he order chicken fried rice, I would up ordering mongolian beef extra spicy. Order came out and it smelled delish, and being a crazy obsessed yelper that I am I picked up my phone, turned the plate around to the best view and started to take pictures of the dish, date looked at me funny but didn't ask, guess his other dates don't take pics of their food LOL I could see the coating of the red chili oil on the beef and onions, the beef was tender and onions and peppers were perfect, only thing it was missing the heat of the spice. But I finished the entire dish, it was that good!  Next time I want to try beef with jalapeno, I bet that dish packs some heat!\n\n I look forward to coming back and trying out more of their menu, glad to have finally made it over to the cultural center! Food was delish, date went well, and it was a good day. Also when I checked in on Yelp, was offered a free desert with any entree, I'm saving that for another time!