UPDATE:  The owner replied to me in the most heinous way possible by posting private information about my body and personal e-mails along with a link to my private Facebook page.  \nThey have now DELETED their Facebook page to keep you all from viewing their negative reviews and comments. This is the worst kind of customer service I have ever seen.\n\n\n\nReposting this same review as I did on Google.  This is THE WORST experience I've ever had shopping-- not just for a wedding dress, but for anything. Ever.  They've now proceeded to attack me via social media and try to \"expose me\" by publishing private e-mails and a link to my personal Facebook page. I stand behind this review 150%.  And if they want to threaten me with video surveillance, I really hope they have the audio to go with it.  Release it-- I dare you.\n\nPlease note: I don't even have DD boobs.  That's how true her \"facts\" are. She wasn't even there.\n\n\"Where to begin?\n\nThis is, by far, the worst shopping experience I have ever had in my entire life. I am gutted that my mother and MOH had travelled over 5 hours to be here with me on this day as I had been speaking about my Felichia appointment for the past 2 months ever since I first made it. \n\nI arrived exactly on time. It was a complete madhouse-- you couldn't even decipher who was a staff member, who was a bride, who was a bridal party member, etc. Everyone was all over the place.\n\nNo one greeted us when we walked in.  I eventually noticed two people playing on their phones and gossiping by a desk. So, already, fifteen minutes into my appointment, I had to approach someone and ask if I needed to check in or something.  She saw I had an actual appt. and then another girl gave me a few clips to mark some dresses and I was sent out on my own as someone \"would be with me soon.\"  \n\nI had marked some dresses (it was hard to see much because it was such a free for all) and then I was left alone again. Waiting.  Now, over thirty minutes into my appointment, a lady shows up to ask me what colour my clips were. Didn't introduce herself or ask me my name, didn't ask about my wedding or desired look, didn't want to meet my party-- nothing.\n\nNow, I was interested in Watters, but what I was coveting was the Martina Liana separates collection-- something that is only carried in this one store.  With absolutely zero input from her, I had to continuously mix and match several different tops and skirts to the point where she seemed to feel annoyed with me-- probably because they were getting close to closing time.  Not once did she pull anything on her own or make a suggestion except that I would probably need a fuller skirt- otherwise it would SHOW EVERYTHING.\n\nExcuse me?\n\nI am a street size 6-8 and a bridal size 10, which in most places is a standard sample size.  I realize that Felichia's sample sizes are bridal 6-8s, so of course things were snug on me.  How dare you essentially call me fat for a hour straight.  Between telling me that I should get a fuller skirt to cover my non-existent gut to asking me what size I'd want to order a corset in case I wanted to lose some weight (WHAT?) and then telling me that I had back cleavage when they put on a size 4 or 6 corset onto me. Instead of using a clipping method to hold it closed, it was insisted that it actually be done up like stuffing me into a sausage casing and then having the audacity to point out the excruciating back cleavage that it was giving me.  You think? I understood fully that it was too small, I don't need to be fat shamed simultaneously.  And what's even more sad is that I really loved the look of that corset and skirt but I needed more coverage in the bust but was told at first that they couldn't do anything about it, but then was told that it could be done for $200 extra. Which is it?\n\nThen I found a corset and a skirt that fit me like a glove and I felt absolutely incredible in it, but after people waiting at the desk giving me glares because I was still there past 5 o'clock and they all wanted to go home (after starting my appointment over 30 minutes late) and after having been insulted for the past hour-- I couldn't make a clear decision. I was absolutely insulted and hurt by how we were treated as I have never felt like that before. I honestly broke down both in the store and afterwards because I was in love with a dress that I couldn't bear to buy because of how offended I was.  You'd think they'd try a little harder with brides that have appointments and are there and ready to buy-- especially the more expensive, non trunk\/sample sale stuff. But no. Zero pressure or encouragement to buy anything, really! So thank you for that, at least. You broke my heart and I am left absolutely mortified.\n\nI've also seen the responses you've left for the negative reviews-- telling people that their facts are wrong or straight-up calling them liars.  Please- be my guest. You cannot possibly make this any worse for me at this point.\"