Strip mall, taxi cab armada parked out front, not knowing exactly what your getting into. That is fine dining hole in the wall style. \n\nBasically that sums up of the reviews of Juba on Yelp. But I wanted to throw in my two cents because I now have a new favorite place to eat near my new apartment. While I never tried to ice tea, I was glad that I read up on this place on Yelp before going just so that I dont come off as a Sudanese restaurant noob. Since I knew not to ask for lamb at dinner (since they run out around 3) and that they will be out of your first pick so have a second one lined up when your order. All of which happened when I went to Juba. \n\nI went with the exotic sounding \"Number 10\" which turned out to look like Sudanese hamburger helper but tasted nothing like that crap in the box with the talking oven mitt. Huge portion of \"rice pasta\" (still not sure if misprint or what) covered in a delicious red sauce with chicken and vegetables. Oh and it was served in a Texas sized portion so I had plenty for leftovers. My dad had the lamb shank. Which was tasty but a little too fatty for this fat kid. But the rice and the bread were amazing and the owner who was hilarious. When asked if he took credit cards he said (and I quote) \"Of course I do, this is America!!!\" (image a small Sudanese man channeling his inner Broadway diva with a smile to boot). And it was cheap like wicked cheap. Plus when we went there was a soccer game (I mean, football match). And the place was filled with Newcastle fans from Sudan. Which was just great hearing trash talk in a language you don't hear often. I am guessing they were Newcastle fans since that is the only word I understood. Though since I don't know Arabic, Newcastle could mean something incredibly dirty that one should not say to a loved one. So take your pick. \n\nAnyway, go to Juba. Try the food and enjoy because not many places in America have a local \"Sudanese place\". So you better feel lucky that you do, Phoenix.