Let me begin by saying that this review is based on the summation of 6 visits to the restaurant randomly over the last 2 years. As such, it is not a review based on a single expereince, but more a review of the \"average\" Walima experience.\n\nPros:\nThe atmosphere in the restaurant is amazing. I love it.\nThe food tastes fantastic. I love it.\nThe prices and servings are reasonable - some might say the servings are too small\/\/overpriced - but I think they are fine, and for the atmosphere and taste - TOtally worth it.\n\nCons:\nTHIS IS WHERE IT ALL GOES DOWNHILL. :(\n\n- Even on a busy night there are, at most, two people working the restaurant floor - service is quite slow... but you don't mind it so much because you are enjoying the ambience of the restaurant.\n\n- The staff are INCREDIBLY RUDE!!! They are always the same staff and like I said, I have been there six times, so this was not an unfortunate fluke of bad luck. IT HAS ALWAYS HAPPENED. I understand that they may be understaffed and that financial viability for a small, independent restaurant in these economic times is difficult. HOWEVER, that does not validate what has happened (ESPECIALLY THE LAST TWO TIMES I HAVE BEEN THERE): Asking people to make sure they order at least one entree per person to keep this beautiful restaurant afloat is understandable. I have taken people there in groups because I love the restaurant so much, but my guests (to my utter shame and embarassment) were nothing-short-of THREATENED to order entrees because if we did not, we were \"COULDN'T EXPECT TO JUST SIT THERE IN THE NICE PLACE AND NOT ORDER AN ENTREE; IT IS AN INSULT TO THE OWNER\" ( paraphrased the words of the Moroccan gentleman there)\nHe went off on a tangent rant, even after we had expressed our understanding and had already decided on the main dishes to order.\n- When we ordered our meals in groups, orders were frequently made wrong, and they ran out of things such as rice, or pita, or couscous and simply replaced those in individual orders as they pleased. We did not see it fit to try and fix that from our shock and fear from the tongue-lashing we had received earlier.\n\nMy last visit there was in mid-May 2011. Finally having been fed up with their service, I took a vow to never go back, and even tried to express my concerns with the manager, who simply brushed them off casually and chalked up the rudeness to the fact that the gentleman that was consistently rude to us was Moroccan. How do you like that??? I was in awe. Never have I ever seen such a fine restaurant stink in terms of rudeness.\n\nUsed to go in groups of at least 5 to 15 people. I consistently brought them good business, and planned to continue, until then. I am never going back and am now actively discouraging anyone else to, as well.