DO NOT MOVE HERE!!! They are so lucky I was foced to even give a star, I wish Yelp had a no star option! I Cannot wait until my lease ends in 3 weeks!! The property is extremely dirty and so are most of the poeple who live there. Where I was touring the property, of course the model looked really nice and during the day the landscape and everything else looks pretty decent, but at night it's a whole different story. Loud music at all hours of th day and night, loud obnoxious neighbors and trash is literally EVERYWHERE! I moved to the property becuase the rent was pretty cheap and I was saving for my wedding and house and also because it's near the freeway and Tempe School District. I wanted my daughter to be able to attend the that disctrcit and her school bus picks her up in front of the complex which is about the only good think about this place. \n\nFrom the morning I walked in to sign my lease, there were problems. I showed up at 9am (when they opened) and was told I needed to wait 20 minutes because they had not typed up my lease yet, even though I pushed back my move in date by a whole week, they still weren't ready. And since they were under staffed and had temps and new people working in the office that day, it took over an hour for for me to sign my lease and get my keys. Which was a hugh inconvenience since I had movers waiting for me at my old aptarment. So I get my keys, drive to my unti and there is currently a  lady cleaning my apartment. They coudln't even have it cleaned in time. And because this lady was just told to clean it about 30 minutes before I opened the door, she did a half ass job! Then I get a call the next day telling me, they had me sign the wrong lease and I needed to go back in and sign the right one. They also never gave me a gate card when I signed my lease so I had no way of entering the property that entire 1st day unless I waited for someone that was leaving or coming in to open the gate. \n\nThe apartments are so old and cheap! Everything broke in my apartment! The living room fan, shower slidding door, water heater and garbage disposal broke just to name a few. Oh and the stackable washer and dryer (which will hold about 5 items at a time cause it's so damn small) has been leaking for months but since when they come to look at it, it doesnt leak, they won't fix it. It took them 4 days to fix that water heater, so me and my daughter had to take cold showers that whole time.\n\nAnother problem I had was when my packages were delivered to the office. I would receive a slip in the mailbox letting me know there was a package for me in the office, but would be told there ws no package when I would go to the office. I do a lot of internet shopping, so this began to get annoying really fast. Having to keep going back to the office to keep being told even though the package shows delivered by the shipping company, and signed for by the leasing staff, it doesn't mean it was delivered. Super annoying, especially since it ws in the office the entire time!\n\nBASELINE TRAFFIC!!! The worst traffic I have ever experienced and I've lived in Phoneix area my whole life! It would sometimes take me 20 mintues to get from my apartment to the I-10, whcih is maybe a mile away at the most. The intercection in front of the property is ALWAYS congested going east and coming west from the I-10 to the complex. It's a daily nightmare. I have to leave about 15-20 earlier just to travel a mile away. And since I've lived there (about 13 months) there have been about 6 accidents in close proximity to the complex. People ALWAYS run red lights at the 46th st\/Baseline  intercection. Very scary!\n\nRecently when I went in to resign my month to month lease (since my new place won't be completed for another month) the new guy in the office told me their late fee policy changed and I had until the 3rd to pay without a fee, Well of course that ended up not being true and I received late fees starting the 2nd of the month, even though I paid on the 3rd. When I called to ask about it, Casey told me that was not true and the guy didn't remember telling me that at all and she was extremely rude and condecending about it. I've seen her speak to other people the same way when I've been in the office. Also, after I resigned the new lease, the office manager, Janice, called me asking when I would be in to sign my lease. Apparently they don't communicate very well  and dont keep good record in the office. Not to mention the same guy called me back to ask for my renters insurance info, even though I had emailed it to him at the same time I resinged my lease. Super annoying to get bothered at work for uneccessary things. \n\nYes, the rent is cheap, but remember you get what you pay for. The property is old and outdated. The \"upgrades\" are a joke. Just some fresh paint and newr looking appliances. It's total smoke and mirrors! The frustration you will experience living there is NOT worth the money you may save on rent! STAY AWAY!