Wing Lei is a high-end Chinese restaurant, one of many fine dining experiences offered in the Wynn Las Vegas hotel and casino. It is here that I would have one of the tastiest Peking Duck meals I've had, even as it came at a steep price, which was almost justified by dining in Wing Lei's lavish and audacious dining room adorned with jewels and gold.\n\nThere exists a number of large, ornate Chinese restaurants in this country that are not too far removed from their strip-mall take-out brethren, and Wing Lei's regal and unmistakable Chinese ornamentation is what these restaurants aspire to have, but can't quite achieve due to budgetary constraints, and thus need to settle on substandard furnishings that leave the restaurant with a décor that, to Western sensibilities, feels and looks dated or just downright hokey from the moment they open. Stunning results can be achieved when a Chinese restaurant is permitted access to Steve Wynn's checking account, proving that the not-so-thin line between gauche and garish is a few million bucks.\n\nWhen I was seated, I was presented with a Chinese welcome tea with lychee and honey, which was a tantalizing light, floral, and sweet way to begin my meal. Next came an amuse bouche of Compressed Melon with Cucumber, Carrots, and Ginger Vinaigrette, another well-prepared taste, this one much sweeter than the tea, with a tangy vinaigrette that added an unctuous mouth-feel and prevented this bite from being one-note.\n\nReviewing the menu, I noted that Wing Lei serves an Imperial Duck Tasting for $98 per person (an extra $48 for wine pairing) which includes schmancy versions of the traditional stir-fry and soup courses, but it requires, at minimum, two people who both want the tasting, which was one more than I had. I instead ordered the regular Imperial Peking Duck entrée, which consisted only of a single course: the skin and meat separately carved tableside. This is oddly the same price as the tasting.\n\nEven though I didn't get my traditional second and third courses with the entrée, the duck was, of course, presented tableside with head still attached per the Peking Duck ritual. The sticky reddish-brown skin, glazed with malt syrup and soy, had a magnificent luster to it. Several of the wait-staff then gathered around the cart and began carving the duck and wrapping the duck skin, meat, scallions, cucumbers, and hoisin sauce into chūn bing (referred to on Wing Lei's menu as \"crepes\") in an assembly line manner, a symphony of efficient and effective blade work and wrapping by the servers.\n\nAt most Chinese restaurants that serve Peking Duck, the process of assembling the duck and garnitures into chūn bing is DIY, but I'm not complaining -- the workmanship performed here was excellent, with each duck \"wrap\" having what seemed to be a perfect ratio of duck skin to duck meat to vegetables to sweet hoisin. I removed pieces of skin from the wraps to gnaw on, and they were all independently crackly as they ought to be. They didn't quite pass Heston Blumenthal's test of the skin shattering into pieces when thrown at the plate, but close enough. I'm told that it's difficult to find Peking Duck skin that good in America, and I've only had that level of Peking Duck at Decoy in NYC.\n\nThe meat itself had a good muscle-to-fat ratio and intense flavor that was definitely \"ducky\" enough without being so gamy as to taste spoiled. The floor manager indicated they source their ducks from a farm in Rhode Island, and they're slightly smaller than the ducks I'd typically see served as Peking Duck. The duck entrée here can feed two people who also order appetizers. Once I was full, I took the remaining wraps (about 40% remained) and all of the meat and bones back to my hotel room for later consumption.\n\nBecause I was so stuffed, there was no need to order dessert. Petit fours were nonetheless provided which included a Green Tea Macaron, 5-Spice Chocolate Nugget, and Coconut Ball. Additionally, Wing Lei sent me away with a take-home Yuzu Almond Cake, which I enjoyed for breakfast the next morning.\n\nFood\/Décor\/Service: 4.6\/4.5\/4.7\n\nNOTE about Wing Lei's Yelp rating: I was initially surprised by the Yelp rating here being as low as it is, but then I started to read the reviews and realized how ridiculous people are when they come to a place like this. Almost all of the one-star reviews are due to dress code issues. Is it too much to ask for people to put a jacket on and wear proper shoes when visiting an expensive fine dining restaurant? One woman who can barely type a coherent sentence recently one-starred Wing Lei because they gave her a jacket to cover up because they didn't want her dining in the restaurant dressed like a tramp and she of course blamed it on \"body-shaming\" -- as if some man who showed up to a Michelin-starred restaurant in a wife-beater or muscle shirt would be treated any differently. Yelp is such a pit sometimes, and the reviews to this restaurant are testimony to some of our worst.