As a Las Vegas local I frequently have family and friends in from out of town. Station Casinos properties are where I direct my family and friends to stay as they typically provide a great Vegas experience without paying strip prices. In the case of this review my wife and I rented a room at GVR on Fri Jun 12th, 2015 for our niece who just graduated from high school with honors to stay in as a night away for herself. She also completed her Civil Air Patrol duties and is about to join the Air Force as an Officer so this was another way of saying thank you to her for all that she has accomplished. Little did we know that hotel staff and security was about to violate their own policies and ruin her experience through utter stupidity. Approximately an hour after arriving and getting settled in, hotel security knocked on the door and demanded that they vacate the room. Then since our name was on the reservation along with hers and she is of legal age to be there the hotel front desk called and asked us to come over to the property but no explanation was given as to why. \n\nOn our way there we called the hotel and asked to speak with the manager on duty. We kept being put on hold. When we got there my wife finally got to speak to the manager on duty, Ross, who honestly does not have a clue about Station Casinos Corporate Policies, and that in fact the reservation that was made was valid and fully complied with the hotel policy to the very last detail. When confronted with the fact that he violated corporate policy and subjected our niece and her friend to public embarrassment and humiliation, instead of an apology we got stammering and expressions of ignorance. My niece was allowed to return to the room, but the special night away that she earned was ruined by hotel staff that does not even know their own policies and procedures. Those same policies and procedures are even posted on the Station Casinos website so there is no excuse whatsoever for the staff to not know their policy when it should be available to them internally and it's always available externally on their public facing website. \n\nI take my online reviews seriously, so when I post a 1 Star review and put them on my negative lists, you can bet it was earned and that I'm following up with corporate. What happened tonight with our reservation....and yes it's my name on the credit card that paid for it...is totally unacceptable and redress in the form of an apology is demanded. This nightmarish public spectacle of pathetic hotel management comes less than 3 weeks after I had another stay at GVR that was absolutely incredible. I know what the staff at GVR is capable of, and that's what makes this even more appalling. This is one of Station Casinos flagship properties. The on duty manager needs to run it like a flagship, and if he can't do it perhaps he can find a job running an extended stay property on Boulder Highway instead. \n\n1 Star...and the review will stay up until this is made right.