i'm pretty much 97% low maintenance. my exception? my hair. i have a fro. a giant, curly fro. i tame said fro every day with my trusty flat iron. unfortunately, while i was taming the beast yesterday my chi turbo decided that it wanted to die on me. it just couldn't take it anymore. honestly, i don't blame it. i abused that sucker. so while i was grieving i realized that i would pretty screwed come monday for work. i can't let the peeps know that i'm a curly ginger. so i hopped online in search of the nearest beauty supply because my ass needs instant gratification and can't wait for a shipment from amazon.\n\ni come upon Ulta. the website looks great. tons of products. i check out their line of flat irons and do some of my own research on a few (t3, sedu, and other chis). i head on down to Ulta and see a great store front with tons of product. i'm excited. i head in hoping to be able to ask a few questions. i mean if youre gonna drop a little $$ on something, you really wanna know everything about it right? i walk in and notice only 2 girls in the front. both were busy. thats ok, i just went to the back to check the flat irons out myself. soooo many to choose from. i was slightly overwhelmed. i thought i had hit the retail jackpot when i spied an Ulta employee walking by the rack. i snagged her and asked her if she recommended anything. our conversation went a little like this:\n\nme: hi, i was wondering if you could help me. i wanted to buy a flat iron but had a few questions\nher: questions?\nme: yeah, like which do you recommend for fewer fly aways? which has a better shelf life? which doesnt burn the crap out of your hair\nher: um. i use the hot tools one. $20.\nme: do you use it every day? does it damage your hair a lot?\nher: i use it once in a while.\nme: ok how bout for someone who uses it every day?\nher: i dont know\nme: what?\nher:  i dont know just pick one.\nme: seriously?\nher: yeah. i havent used any except that one and i dont know about the others\nme: um... i'll be going over here now....\n\nUlta is amazing if you know exactly what you want, don't have any questions, and just want to walk in and put your hand on the product of your choice. Ulta DOES NOT have amazing customer service nor does it have knowledgeable sales people. after the awkward conversation i had asked her if anyone else would be able to help me. i just got a shrug as she walked away. yeaaaaa... no thanks.\n\nwhen my blackberry is more helpful than someone who is supposed to be able to sell the product to me in their own store, then we have a problem.