We decided to try something new for lunch on a Saturday so of course I checked my Yelp bookmarks and Sugar Jam was it today. This is a hidden gem tucked away in a business park. \n\nWe walked in and very interesting. Small little place with the counter and the bakery goods to temp you right away. Their menu is on a chalk board behind the counter. So what you do is order and pay. Find a table and they bring you your food. Little interesting, after we found our table they give brought a table mat and drinks. Your silver ware and napkins are already at the table. \n\nSo when it came time to order, I already knew what I wanted and ordered The Boss Hog. This was a six inch long sandwich with pulled pork, chopped brisket with homemade slaw and BBQ sauce on top. It came with a side of potato salad and potato chips. Oh my gosh. This was so good. Loved the sandwich. It just came together with the slaw in top and the BBQ sauce. Wasn't dry at all. Really tasty and fresh. As you can tell I enjoyed this a lot. The potato salad was so good too. Really enjoyed this meal. It hit the spot. \n\nThe owners dad served us and he was so friendly. He really made our visit special. Very happy man. He brought out another BBQ sauce called the mojo. Really good. Nice kick to it. You got to try this mojo sauce. He also gave me a sample of their homemade cowboy beans. Made me think twice about the potato salad. So I don't think you can go wrong in picking the potato salad or the cowboy bean. Both are excellent. \n\nMy wife and daughter ordered the chicken walnut & cranberry salad on a croissant. First thing my daughter said was oh my gosh. The croissant was so fresh and I snuck a bit and it was so good. Down right good. They all loved it. They even split the sandwich on separate plates with their side. Really good. The owners dad gave both my daughter and wife samples of both their pulled pork and chopped brisket. They love it too. That BBQ sauce really makes it really good. Sweet and spicy. Nice. \n\nTo top off our meal, we got a personal raspberry pie and a apple pie. A la mode. Perfect size to share. We all like the raspberry the best but they were both really good. We liked the food so much here that we bought a cherry crumb pie to go. Looked so good and I'm always a sucker for cherry pie. I have to admit it was good. Very good. \n\nSo service was great. Not busy at all. There was another table but nice and quiet. The owners dad was so friendly and just loves to talk to you. It felt like you're at home eatin a homemade meal. I really loved this place and looking forward to trying the rest of their menu. They have breakfast too. Enjoy