ORIGINAL REVIEW:\nLove this club!   Thumping, intense, body-rubbing, freak dancing party till 4 in the mornin' club.  Truly Vegas.\n\nBody English is different from most other typical clubs though - it has an exclusive, upscale atmosphere - not trashy at all.  Super good music, and the decor is beautiful as well.  Baccarat chandeliers hang over your head, and the dance floor gets blasted with cold air whenever it starts getting too hot.  Also, there is another even more exclusive club within the club called The Parlor.  Everyone wants to get in, but once you do its really small with very low ceilings and can get pretty claustrophobic.  \n\nThe scene at the door is ALWAYS ridiculous - if you're not getting a table, don't know anyone at the door or have a host to walk you in, be prepared to stand out there and fight your way to the front of the crowd in hopes to get in (as you can see, a lot of the bad reviews about it are from people who didn't get in).  The club gets packed easily because its not a huge space, and when its at capacity they shut the door down.  So, get there as early as possible...ladies: look your hottest and flirt your way in; fellas: get a table or slip the guy $$$$ unless you want to be out there forever.\n\nLast year for my bf's bday we got a table upstairs which was an awesome experience, and I've decided to get a table here for my birthday in October.  Cant wait - the music is always good and it is really one of the best clubs in the country.\n\nUPDATE: \n So, I did end up getting a table here for my birthday back in October '07.  They gave us the best table in the house, RIGHT on the dance floor.  It was so awesome- we were partying our asses of until one of the managers came over and informed us that we had been \"bought out\".  I was about to go ballistic, until he told us he was moving our party to a different table and COMPING THE ENTIRE CHECK.  Yes- we got 3 bottles of Grey Goose and a bottle of Dom for FREE!!!  Ahhhhh...I love this fucking club.