***READ THIS BEFORE BUYING AT TAYLOR AUTOSALES***This place should lose their business license and be shut down! Furthermore, the owner should be prosecuted for an ongoing pattern of deception and fraud...I financed a truck in March of 2016 and from the very beginning, I should have listened to my instincts. I asked to see the carfax report and was provided with it. Upon review I discovered a line or entry that stated the vehicle was \"restored salvage\". When I asked the salesman(a man named Russ who was conveniently terminated from employment shortly after my sale) why the report said \"salvaged\" and started to back out of deal, he assured me that since it said RESTORED that there was nothing to worry about and that the title DID NOT REFLECT ANY NEGATIVE COMMENTS LIKE BEING SALVAGED. That's only the beginning....he lied to my face about the validity of what I saw and convinced me that it wouldn't be a problem. YESTERDAY....a full year and a half later, I tried to use the same truck as a trade in for a new truck at a dealership and found out that not only is the truck a salvaged title for being stolen in 2006 (which was conveniently not listed in the carfax report I spoke of and was provided with), but as a result it's also only valued at  $500 as a trade in! I still have 15 payments of $300 PER MONTH TO PAY FOR A VEHICLE THAT'S ONLY VALUED AT  $500 TOTAL! The sticker price on this salvaged truck was $7500 on Taylor's Auto Sales lot! And judging the rest of the nightmare regarding mechanical problems that I haven't told you about yet that was experienced with this same vehicle, it's only obvious that this dealership not only knew that the truck was salvaged, but also deliberately, willingly and actively sought to deceive me as the buyer\/consumer in order to get rid of a vehicle they knew wasn't worth anywhere near what it was stickered for. It was and is fraud! Plain and simple...now let's talk about the mechanical problems. Exactly two weeks after I took possession of the vehicle(15 days), the transmission failed while I was on the freeway. I had the vehicle towed to Taylor Auto and patiently waited for them to open. I left my truck there for two weeks before I got a RETURN phone call because as you can imagine, I've been calling them wondering what's going on. They finally and reluctantly revealed that the transmission was in fact going to need to be rebuilt with both hard and soft parts and it would be another week before it was done for a total of nearly 3 full weeks. I had to rent a car immediately upon having it towed to their facility so the rental bill is astronomical at this point. A problem that they were very vocal about not being concerned with or responsible for. After getting my truck back, I was told that there \"would be no more 'freebies' and whatever else was wrong with the truck was my responsibility.\" Shortly after that I took the truck to another mechanic for an alignment and found yet another problem. It couldn't be aligned without replacement of the lower control arm bushings which were almost non-existent but what was left of them was installed BACKWARDS...the \"mechanic\" that Taylor Auto employs is not a qualified technician obviously. \n-Here's the bottom line folks...\nDO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM TAYLOR AUTO SALES! Their business practices are dishonest to say the least, their vehicles are held together with tape and prayers, and there's a strong chance that there's many more \"RESTORED SALVAGE TITLES\" on the lot right now just waiting for another sucker like me to stumble upon. I sincerely hope that this message reaches as many potential buyers as possible BEFORE you make a mistake that could cost you thousands of dollars. \n#shutdowntaylorautosales