AMC Theaters here at Town Square in Las Vegas is one of the only theaters that offers late night shows. I have been coming here since the day they open and will continue to do so as long as they have late night shows. One of my only complaints is that they do not take care of the floors, condiment station or the restrooms. All are consistently filthy. The bathrooms especially have become progressively worse over the past few years and of course the only thing that comes to mind is poor management. To get to the bottom of this issue all corporate needs to do is walk the bathrooms twice a week on any given late night and they would see how bad the problem actually is.\nNow in regards to the actual movie theaters. Theater 1 the Dolby theater and theater 2 the IMAX theater are unbelievable. Seriously the two best theaters in town for sound and the stadium seating. As far as theater 3 through 18 they are all well equipped with good sound and good picture quality, no complaints. In regards to concessions they have most of the basics licorice, Sour Patch Kids, Reese's Pieces, M&M's, popcorn, nachos, hot dogs, and ice cream. Side note it would be awesome if they added (Sweet Kettle Corn) to the menu. They also have a small bar across from the concession stand that serves alcohol which is kind of cool if you're wanting a cocktail before the movie. Real quick before I go make no mistake that I am a very loyal customer here at AMC 18 Town Square. On average I will watch a movie here twice a week. So I definitely see the way they are running their business. If they don't get their act together and nip this in the bud it's only going to get worse. I really hope corporate gets involved or the upper management gets their act together. They need to clean this place up and take care of the facility. Unfortunately, the management at this location is the problem. They could create whatever lie they want in order to protect their job but the fact is the place is constantly filthy. Whoever is in charge and is at the absolute top needs to fire someone and replace them with somebody to operate this location with an iron fist with Zero excuses. They seem to have forgotten one of the first rules in business which is hire slowly, fire quickly. Having a tough thorough interview process is always a good thing. I know it's difficult and challenging to find good people to hire here in Las Vegas. I struggle with it myself when hiring new employees but I do NOT compromise and when it comes to firing someone it has to be fast, swift and decisive. A bad employee is contagious. You need to get them out before they infect the rest of the staff.