I wasn't on Yelp back in the summer of 2005 when the restaurant first opened.  If I was, I would have definitely written a review of this place.  Just for the pure laugh factor.  Their fish presentation was atrocious and hilarious at the same time.  The waiter came out with a tray of dead fish with live, unidentifiable crustaceans crawling all over the dead fish.  My male friend and I could not stop laughing and my more sensitive female friend screamed.  Needless to say, we ordered the pasta.\n\nFast forward to last weekend when we met some friends here for dinner.  We reserved a cabana table outside and the weather was perfect.  The dead fish with live creepy crawlies on a platter presentation is gone, unfortunately, and replaced with a rolling cart of all dead sealife on ice.  Not sure I get the point of either presentation methods.  But the service by Antonio was impeccable and the food -  delicious.\n\nAs others have said, this place is expensive.  If that is a problem, just look at the menu, conveniently posted outside away from the hostess stand, and don't come in.  But if you are looking for a special night out, the tasting menu combined with some expert pairing from the sommelier (Jennifer) is a must.  \n\nWe got the Bravo's Top Chef tasting menu ($175 per person).  The TV advertisement placement on a tasting menu is a little cheesy, I admit, but the execution was very good.  Everything is served family style, which is fun and different for a tasting menu.  Plus, you get a great variety of their seafood and pasta dishes, including a whole fish.  Tasty and Jennifer introduced us to some great new wines.  Sometimes red wine does go with fish!  Great desserts, too.\n\nThe outside seating is on a separate reservation system, so keep that in mind when calling.  Also, you may not want to sit outside if you have a fear of bugs.  There are not a lot of them but they do exist, even in Vegas.  Plus, the weather must be perfect.  I asked and they do close it when it is windy.  Inside or outside, I suggest this restaurant for a special and unique night out.