This is my #1 biggest concern. About half way through the HOF, I realized it was lunch and decided to head over to the cafeteria. As with places like this, I expected the food to be overpriced, but was not expecting to get totally ripped off. A veggie wrap for $4.50 seemed like the best deal on the menu (and at least they do have a vegetarian option!) and perhaps it was, but it was much smaller than I expected. And since everything is made in the morning and already wrapped you cannot tell them \"no onions\" for instance. Food allergies will come into play a lot here I'm sure as you have to get the food the way it's made. My husband chose to get a \"side salad\" and we laughed when we realized a side salad is not a smaller salad, but a small portion of macaroni salad or tomato and cheese salad. We were both hungry when we left. We did not buy chips or candy, but you can get a small bag of chips for $1.00 or a regular sized candy bar for $2.00 If you're thirsty, you're in luck because they have soda, water, and juices, but they are the smallest bottles I've ever seen for $2.00 (that was for the soda - juices may be more). This is to encourage people to buy more I'm sure and to avoid sharing. They could easily sell them for $1.00 a piece and still make a killing, but they are more interested in being greedy.\n\nWhen you enter the museum and when you leave the cafeteria area, you will see signs saying no outside food or drink and no food or drink outside of the cafe. I'm almost certain this is not to keep the exhibits safe, as mostly everything is behind glass, but a ploy to get you to spend more. By the time you're half way through you'll be so thirsty, that you'll have to buy an overpriced drink, and then you'll see the sign saying you have to drink it all in the cafeteria area. There may have been water fountains by the bathrooms, but I doubt it. So my #1 suggestion is to eat before you go and tuck a drink in your purse for later.\n\nSecond problem is their photos. When you enter, they take your picture as though you're about to set sail on a cruise and then they charge you just as much for it. When you go to the photo area, you'll see a large flat screen TV behind the counter and will probably assume, as we did, that this is to display your picture so you can decide before they print it out if you want it or not. Not so. This is merely to advertise that that is where you get your pictures, and they have slide shows of previous visitors up there. They instead print out every single picture and presumably toss the ones that do not get bought. I asked them to please not print out our photo as I doubted we'd pay the $20 for it and I didn't want to waste the paper or ink, and I was met with an attitude by the girl behind the counter. She said they print out everyone's photo - as if that makes a difference. That makes the problem worse! I would just expect such a museum to take more interest in protecting our resources. I'm sure they find that people are more likely to buy the photos if they are in front of them, but again, they are just being greedy.\n\nAside from that, I found the history on the tracks very interesting and I love seeing the different grade percentages for the tracks. They have a 33 degree grade that you can step on - very similar to one that exists if you visit the Daytona track. The history on the cars I found to be very boring.\n\nThe hard card activities were more hassle than they were worth as you wait in line to try each one and then some of the machines didn't even work.\n\nYou can get parking diagonally across the street for $5, which I thought was the best value all day! Admission prices are not too pricey either, I didn't think.\n\nOh, and the simulator ride costs extra.\n\nExcept for the attitude we got from the photo girl, everyone else was very nice. But this is really something you visit only once. I can't imagine we'll ever go back.\n\nAll in all, I doubt I'd recommend the Nascar Hall of Fame - for me there is very little I took away from it.