Well i finally got to visit Metrocenter mall last weekend after attending a spring training game in Maryvale. Now i have been to a lot of malls and i mean a lot...in fact i have been to 7 of the top 10 largest malls in North America and Metrocenter wouldn't be high on my list for great malls but it is a good mall. I have noticed that since i moved to Arizona people's idea of luxury and shopping are a little miscued. I don't know what you people expect from a mall but some of these reviews i have read are totally ridiculous.\n\nHey Jason B. the mall has more than 7 stores buddy...if your going to write a review tell the truth at least. As for the rest of you i don't totally disagree that the mall could use some improvement...but perhaps you should visit some other malls outside of Arizona and you just might find that this mall is not that bad at all. Now the day i went was on a Sunday and I noticed the mall is very large in size...pretty clean...and everyone seemed pretty friendly to me. The store selection is just like what i have seen in most what i like to call \"community malls\".\n\nStores like hat club, Lids, Footlocker, Sports Authority, Lane Bryant, Torrid, Hot topic, Bath & Body Works, Just sports, aeropostale, macy's,  sears, old navy, finish line, gamestop, GNC,etc...in fact i only saw 3 vacant properties in the mall and 2 of those were slated to have tenants in them by this summer. So maybe i was wrong about the mall (ummm...not) or you people just don't know what you are really looking for in a mall. The food court was decent....and the prices i found to be average considering the neighborhood. I think that is a key factor here as well...this mall is only a few short miles down the way from Indian School Rd which is one of the worst neighborhoods in the city. So the fact that the mall draws some unsavory characters doesn't surprise me...and for those of you who have been here in phoenix for all these years it shouldn't surprise you either.\n\nNow i wish i had been here 20 years ago to see the Metrocenter Mall in all it's \"Glory\" but by mall standards for 2010 and considering the neighborhood it is near...trust me it could be worst. If you were wondering i have been to Arizona Mills Mall in Tempe, Fashion Square in Scottsdale, the Arrowhead Mall  in Glendale (which is very nice) and the Fiesta Mall in Mesa, which by the way is an average mall in itself compared to Metrocenter....all in just the last month and a half. So please people get your noses out of the air...and realize what you really want in mall before you go to one because there are plenty of choices in the Valley. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my friends!!!!1