I hate to say it, but this is where I got my dog...and he's really the best thing ever.  I got very very lucky with Finn.  The fact that he's well behaved, healthy and has never shown any signs of a puppy mill is excellent and made me believe in \"pet stores\" if only for a fleeting second.  I will say that I'm not a fan of their other locations - specifically the Square One location...the dogs are to many in a window.  When I got Finn he had his one cage\/window and the staff was very good with him, and his area was very clean.\n\nThe staff seem to care a lot about the animals there and they did a check on me and I had to fill out forms to make sure I was a suitable owner, and they were extra vigilant because it was around Christmas.  They also mentioned that they refuse to sell or even carry black cats around Halloween and bunnies around easter to assure that the animals are going into the right homes.\n\nWhen I was ready to take Finn home, they gave him a bath and put a free dose of revolution on him.  They also helped me pick out the correct crate for his training and threw in some items I would need.  He still has his first toy from there - albeit it's beaten up - as that was 3 years ago.\n\nAs bad as this is going to sound, Finn also came with a \"warranty\", but it covered any health problem he was born with or anything that he picked up in their care.  He also came with a record of his shots and such.  I will admit, that warranty came in handy since he was born with a cherry eye that needed surgery and he had picked up a parasite as well as dog lice....yes, he had some health issue, but nothing life threatening, more just annoying.\n\nI'm not going to suggest you buy your pet here, or from any pet store....but I will say that pet store animals need good homes too.  If you do decided to get your pet from a pet store, this is the one I would go to.  \n\nOn top of selling great animals - they have pictures of all of their animals they have put into good homes around the puppy area as well as at the front cash area - they sell great food, as well as all the supplies you will need.