Some of the best service shops are right in my own neighborhood. I've always taken my car to Ryan Automotive when it comes to tires as well as inspection and have always been pleased with their work. They are always busy but never too busy to help this damsel in distress whenever that low tire pressure indicator light comes on in the car. They are a Goodyear company and sell quality tires.\n\nBill is honest, extremely hard working and during today's visit we discussed getting new tires as recommended by my service visit. He told me he wanted to examine those tires first before ordering new ones. I did think it strange I would need tires again so soon but I do much city driving and chalked it up to that.\n\nI got a call at home later from him explained to me that my existing tires had double the tread life still in them and there was no need to replace at this time unless I wanted to. My husband and I came over to get the car and he showed me how dealer mechanics don't always check the tread in multiple spots but usually will pick the center and assume. He asked me if I still wanted the new ones. I graciously declined and was glad about the savings that will help me pay my deductible when my car goes in for repair following the skid accident. He will revisit those tires in the fall when it is more likely they will need them.\n\nWe discussed service intervals. He told me that I didn't need to show him my maintenance book. All I need do is advise him of the mileage and he could look it up on his computer for what the service interval requires.\n\nI have been happy with all my tire purchases and they offer a tire protection plan which if you are driving around Pittsburgh I would recommend with all those potholes and construction. Pricing is fair. They have a waiting lounge but with my living so close it's an easy walk. You can also check out the Crafton Ingram shopping center if day is nice since it sits right on the corner.  No more dealerships for me. You can get an apt within a matter of days. Just be willing to go with the flow on their schedule and I guarantee you they will get your car finished within the time frames specified.