We were getting ready to leave for the airport and wanted to get a bite to eat in the hotel before we left.  It was close, on the way out to the airport and we assumed it would probably kick the crap out of any airport food you could get.  \n\nHere's what we sampled:\n\nTurkey Brie Sandwich: Brie, lettuce, roast turkey, and mustard.\n\nWarmed and pressed, the bread had a texture of a ciabatta which was good, the creaminess of the brie got a little sticky and runny in the sandwich after heating it, and I liked the aroma and texture of melted brie in any way shape or form.  Still, I have to admit, this didn't outstanding, it was good, but the taste wasn't any different from a sandwich that I could have made myself.\n\nVegetable jardiniere Sandwich: With Portabello mushroom, eggplant, fennel, caramelized onions, picquillo pepper, fontina cheese and pesto.\n\nMy g\/f ordered this.  Oh my goodness.  This is the sandwich I SHOULD have ordered from the start.  It is a vegetarian sandwich, but the meatiness of the mushrooms, the texture of the eggplant, with the aromatics and crisp bite from the fennel.  Each bite was almost a unique cathartic experience, you had a mixture of caramelized onions, the mellow heat and body from the pepper and the melted fontina cheese was able the sit carefully on the knife edge on being flavorful and robust but also remained delicate enough it didn't overpower the sandwich.  Seriously, my g\/f loved this sandwich so much, it was almost impossible for me to get additional bites, I even offered her a trade on our sandwiches, where she simply smiled at me and continued eating.  This was a fantastic sandwich that even me; a devote carnivore, feel as though this was a sandwich that I would be happy to eat on a regular basis. \n\nChocolate bouchons:  \n\nTheir name was given due to the fact that they are shaped like the corks from bottle of wine.  Without a doubt they certainly taste better then the real corks, these little morsels were rich and super moist, with little chocolate bits inside.  It reminds me of a brownie, a damn good one at that.\n\nChocolate Eclair:  \n\nThis was my dessert, me being the chocoholic after first glance when I saw it in the glass enclosure, I didn't stand a chance.  The choux pastry dough, was light and airy, carried a light and subtle sweetness, additionally the chocolate creme patissiere was decadent and smooth, and there was a rich slathering of more chocolate right on top, creating a lovely balance with each intoxicating mouthful.  \n\nLemon Tart:  \n\nMy g\/f's choice, and quite honestly she has bested me once again, in terms of picking the item I would get again, the lemon filling almost reminded me of a lemon curd; with all the zest that they put in you could really taste the fresh lemons, the wonderful level of acidity balanced with a creamy richness.  Most notably, is the crust, here rather then to just do a pie crust or a simple graham cracker crust, they went with a fresh pine nut crust, the pine nuts created a great aroma, nutty texture with a crisp crunch.  With each bite of the two elements, with their contrasting flavors, and textures melded together creating a absolutely amazing dish.  It's a must try for those that have yet to experience this, and one I'll be getting next time.\n\nParisian Macaroons\n\nAppearance wise these were stunning, I bought a couple of boxes to take back home as gifts, and even though up front they ran out, the staff were kind enough to go into the back room and make the rest to complete our order.  Wonderful presentation and colors, I was told that they each had different flavors, (which included lemon, orange, strawberry, vanilla, mocha and chocolate.)  Basically, we had a delay and ultimately a cancelled flight so me and my g\/f may have dug into one of the boxes, you know we had to sample the gift we were giving and we did want to make sure the gift we were about to give was fresh since our next flight would be the next day.  So we sampled a box.  Rich, chewy and super dense, with a wonderful flavor sandwiched with a very thin layer of creme.  If I had to rate it in the order of preference, it went vanilla, coffee, lemon, chocolate, strawberry and orange.  Goes really well with a nice cup of plain coffee as well!\n\nThe next day on our way back for attempt #2 to the airport, we stopped by one more time here and replenished the macaroons gift box that we consumed while taste testing it.  So make sure next time your here go ahead and give into whatever pastries and sweets you desire just make sure don't leave without trying the lemon tart and the Vegetable jardiniere!