If my dinner were an episode of Friends, it would be titled \"The One Where Lillian W Became a Human Trashcan,\" because that pretty much was the theme of the night. A friend of mine asked, \"so...do you pretty much eat everything?\" -- Yes. Yes, I certainly do - why else would I strategically position myself in the center of a party of 15!?!\n\n5 stars because this place just has a large range of scrumptious and innovative options (food AND drink)!! I wouldn't say it's the best restaurant I've been to, but I absolutely LOVE that they have a wide variety of food - AND the menu options rotate seasonally!!! I left already thinking of the next time I could come back, and that, my Yelp friends, is a definite 5 stars in my book.\n\nI went for happy hour for a birthday (no prior notice to the restaurant), and the host\/servers were SO accommodating!! We were seated pretty much right away, and multiple servers, including our own (Austin) were so attentive to all our needs, coming in continuously to check up on us. He was also so understanding when we had the very classic large party difficulty of splitting the bill. \n\nDrinks were great! I love all the HH options and honestly couldn't decide between quite a few of them (I guess this means I'll have to go back!) I ended up going with the Pimm's Cup as a tribute to my previous days in London and I was transported back to happy times drinking pitchers in Regent's Park. I also LOVED the Bee's Knees!! There was a drink with sage that was really unique too. In general - I don't think you could've gone wrong with any of the drinks as long as you know what ingredients you like!\n\nNow, on to the food (that I pretty much sampled all of....)\n-Spicy Tuna Chips - I didn't love this because I thought the tuna was a little overly fishy (there's a Chinese word for this that resembles \"briny\" I guess?) In theory it was a great combo.\n-Soft Shell Crab Po'Boy - I don't usually LOVE Po'Boys and I tend to actually dislike olives, but this combo was really working for me. I recommend trying this out! Additionally, these FRIES ARE ADDICTING. I'm pretty sure I ate some of everyone's fries...\n-Pork Ramen - I consider myself a seasoned ramen expert, and this didn't really stand out to me. It looked so aesthetic, and the egg yolk was so so beautiful. It was a really nice and hearty portion, but nothing wowed me. Still it wasn't at all bad to eat, I just found other things yummier.\n-Koi Burger - also just not bad for me. I like my patties to be a little more juicy\/medium rare than their patties. If I were in the mood for a sandwich\/burger, I'd def pick the Po'Boy over this\n-Duck Fat Sriracha Wings - Good, but I probably wouldn't single these out to order again. \n-Calamari Fries - omg YUM. Would definitely recommend\n\nAnd yup. There goes....ALL of the HH items that contain meat. Can't wait to come back and try all the new items!!!