First, no RSPVs. Second, be ready to rub elbows with people you don't know\/may not care to know. It is a very small venue, maybe a 40 person occupancy at most. The food was ok, from what was edible. A multitude of things lead up to a one-star review.\n\nFirst, it was a Tuesday evening and was very busy. We don't mind the wait due to the stellar reviews. Once sat, the table top next to the patio benches was cramped and hot. OK... that's fine. We are really here because of the reviews. The female hostess had not interest in us as she walked us to this table and threw the menus on the table and walked off. We waited 10 minutes for someone to bring us water, or ask us for a beverage, but this... THIS.. is what started this eff'd up dinner service. A male server came over after 10 minutes. He came to the table, only to say \"I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.\" OK... no worries. They were crazy in there and maybe he needed to run some food. NO. NO. NO. He never came back. I looked at him talking to other patrons at the bar. I legitimately made eye contact with 3 times, with the 4th time burning a hole through his forehead. HE NEVER CAME BACK. We had to flag down a totally different guy who wasn't serving our section and he took our order, repeated it back to us, and everything seemed ok from there. The tofu starter was nice and crispy. The Thai Tea, a bit watered down but still enjoyable in the humid restaurant. \n\nHere comes the FUN!! First, as a backstory, the couple sitting next to us ordered chicken Pad Thai and received shrimp Pad Thai. He flagged the waiter who didn't really seem to comprehend what the issue was. The patron was kind enough to eat the shrimp, but asked not to be charged for it. Not sure how that story ended up because we left since I was fuming. \n\nAnywho, So my BF doesn't like greens. As in no onions, no basil, no cilantro, etc.. When we get our dishes, Yellow Curry for me, Pad Thai for him, it has green flakes of SOMETHING. If you have dined here, then you know that all of their ingredients are mentioned in the description. We flagged down the waiter who left us high and dry the first time around to tell him about this. OF COURSE, he has no idea what's going on because HE didn't take the order. So he literally takes the plate and takes it to his friend, the other waiter. The waiter comes back to say that it is cilantro. Well... THE DESCRIPTION DOESN'T SAY CILANTRO! After consulting the menu, he takes the plate back to the kitchen, only to come back now stating that it is Coriander. WTF? Do ANY of you know what hell is in the shit that you serve? Is this a joke? \n\nWe asked for it to be remade without the \"Coriander\" but the hostess (who apparently knows how they cook in the kitchen...) said that the Pad Thai can't be made without it. SOOOOOOOO what you really mean to tell me is that it's all pre-made and that it would have to be picked out. Thanks!\n\nNeedless to say, the BF didn't eat it. I did have a taste and it was a great dish, but the service really pissed me off. Nowadays in the restaurant industry, and any industry for that matter, if your goods aren't coupled with great customer service, people don't give a rat's ass.\n\nTo end a long, noisy night, the original waiter came over to do his \"rounds. I told him to take the plate away. He had the audacity to ask if we wanted a box... (Are you effing deaf? Were you just not mentally present 15 minutes ago? OMG!) To which I rudely replied, \"NO. He isn't going to eat it because he ordered no greens and you won't remake it!\"\n\nCall it what you will. I call it being real.