Ok I hadn't been to Vegas in quite sometime and every time I go I usually make it a point to see on of the Cirque shows... I been to KA, Mystere (the originally and still I think the best in Vegas) O (Visually stunning performance over water) and Zumanity (This show sucked-GO to a strip club instead). So when I found out that there was a show that featured Chris Angel and Cirque I mean WTF! Sign me the F up!!! I was lucky enough to get tickets close to the show date since the online tickets were sold out and opted to call Luxor directly. Apparently Chris Angel was giving 25% off his tickets (about net $90) and were seated about 12 rows from the stage (SCORE!). I mean this was supposed to be the highlight of my trip.....Unfortunately this is where the excitements ends and reality rears its ugly head. The proverbial \"F ME HARD\"! feeling sets in like a wart infesting on your middle finger (Ok you get the hint) Stage: Really cool Lighting: Typical cirque flair...Indeed, I was ready for \"THE\" show of shows to start ...... Chris starts a dialogue with the crowd...hmmmm.....ok this is different.....kinda like a retarded Leno monologue between a magician and his audience but hey its Chris Angel he is a different cat right? I love Chris' show on TV and of course I was expecting some of those tricks to transcend to the stage.....Issue here is that rendition never really got off the ground ..SURE there are weird characters that only appear in an altered state..... SURE there is a fucked up story..... BUT I wasn't entertained. I was hoping to God that Chris would thrill me with some never before seen magical stunt but as the show went on ...(sigh)...it was clear that it was going to be a long and boring event....after one hour I was happy if he pulled a small rabbit out of his ass. The one trick that had some merit was when he was sawed in half . In addition, it did include some interesting hip hop choreagraphy with dancing Rabbits I mean that is some demented shit! (What that has to do with Chris no clue) and ( I think the guy from So You Think You Can Prance is the lead choreographer) If I wanted to see that I would of popped in my SUTUCD DVD....F ME!!! serious!! I really wanted this show to be good I really did. Chris DID say that his official opening will be during Halloween and that he is still making changes to the performance. If that were the case then maybe I can accept that BUT this show is so bad that Im not sure even He can save it unless he does a complete overhaul of his performance or he joins the cast of Love: Cirque De Soliel-Sorry Chris.! ....urrghhhhh \n\nFORGOT TO MENTION: Dont Bring your camera or any personal belongings that might not get in (Gun Knife etc). I had to check my camera and wait in line to get a claim ticket. At the end of show I had to wait in front of hundreds of people to get my camera back..Oh F me! The show was bad then I had to wait for my camera-  I was so pissed-  I must of waited about 30 mins. LUXOR IS BS!!!