Can't even lean against the side of the couches. This place doesn't even have a outdoor patio for fresh air. This place is too stuffy and has no friendly staff whatssoever. Also they need a picture of your girls if you want to be on guestlist. Okay Mr. Fancy Superficial dumbass.... & once you do get approved or w.e; they tell you you're on guestlist but once you get there, they tell you that you have to pay a reduce fee. Paying is fine, but at least give us a heads up.. and not tell us when we arrive. Whatdabullshit?! This club is dumb and totally not as promising as the hype. I had a bad first experience.. came back a 2nd time to give it a 2nd chance, but still its a disappointment. Never will i come back to this Hakkashit nightclub.\n----------------- EDIT ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n10\/3. I slightly changed the ratings from 1 star to 3,  maybe 3.5, but 4 indicates that I'm a fan but I'm really not. This past weekend, I gave Hakkasan another go. To be honest, I had a lot more fun this time around versus the first two times I've been here. I love the hiphop floor more than the edm floor, so their hip hop floor is pretty nice. Our host for our table was extremely nice and funny, I think his name was Max but I might have forgot his name, but he was pretty cute. The hostess at our table was really helpful and sweet! So not all the staffs at Hakkasan are unfriendly!  This visit would've been a 5 ratings or even a 4 but around 2am, the bouncer kicked us out of our table because we didn't have any alcohol beverages anymore on the table, I didn't know or wasn't notified that you have to have drinks at the table at all times in order to stay there. Bummer.... Regardless of getting kicked out, things was going fine, until two of my friends lost their wallet because someone pickpocketed him. this had happen almost consistently; once this trip and another back in August.  My friend who lost her phone did not drop it because it was in her purse that was zipped up. I don't really blame Hakkasan for the thefts, since it could happen at any nightclub, but people should just be extra careful when they go to Hakkasan. Go hard for another nightclub! :)