Sometimes, it's good to look at things from a young person's point of view. \n\nThe adults in my group were nonplussed in their overall experience, but not me--and my little cousins (under 18). \n\nI'll weave the shortest version of this story as possible:\n\nFirst, we were late for our reservations by 15 minutes. And if you know me, that's enough to drive me to drink (hey, not that we need a reason, right?) so the fact that our table was still held was pretty amazing to me. \n\nWe were sat immediately and the low-lit quiet but jolly atmosphere with the open kitchen was really appealing. Our service was beyond the realms of usual friendliness ALL evening!\n\nNot a fan of Italian food in general, I was still excited to be with family and dull the echo my stomach was making the entire car ride there. But being a large, later-in- the-evening group, I knew that we would have a slight wait to be served.\n\nWe ordered our dishes and waited. And when the wait felt a little long, an amuse bouche--almost on cue--landed on the table. The small taste of fresh pickled veg was nice, and was quickly followed by a taster of the lovely carrot soup I hemmed and hawed about ordering. They knew the food would be later and were proactively anticipating this ;)\n\nWe ordered apps, but one particular app was replaced by a sea scallop--since they ran out of the fish app we ordered. I guess this is when the adults (except me) were unhappy because of the wait plus the substitution without being asked. Me? I was happy that the chefs were moving onto the next dishes! The scallop was good and they announced that they were comping our entire first courses! WOW. Somehow, my group remained unmoved--minus my cousins and I.\n\nThe next courses came quickly after: I ordered the seafood Malfadine; squid ink malfadine noodles in a tomato sauce with tasty mixed seafood. It was darn good, but to me squid ink pastas deserve a lighter, citrusy prep. Just preference.\n\nMy table wept with pleasure at the pork chops; so if you eat pork, get on this if you can. \n\nThey didn't ask us what we wanted for dessert (no problem for the younger kids and I) but again, the adults were cranky about it. They straight up served us homemade doughnuts with honeycomb and homemade GRAPE KOOL-AID-flavored cotton candy!! How FUN! \n\nOur bill was over $100 less because of their generosity, and my little cousins and I got to share a silent meaningful moment, appreciating thoughtful and kind service. Well done, noca. And a special nod to my cousins! You'll make fine Yelpers someday ;)