My husband has been a patient here for little over a year and I should have known after some small issues to leave but I really liked the dentist but after my experience here on 6-20-2015 and the response from the Office Mgr I will be finding a new dentist. I have posted my email and the response from the Office Mgr for people to read. \n\n\n\n\nJun 22 at 10:07 PM \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nHello Holly.. My name is Jessica I was seen on Saturday for oral surgery and my husband has been a patient of your office for over a year now. I called in today and spoke to a nice front office staff member who listened to my concerns about my visit on Saturday June 20th. I was originally scheduled for cavity filling on my (R) side of my mouth but when I came in I expressed that I was having pain on my (L) side of my mouth. The (L) side of my mouth needed the most work tooth extraction, crown and 2 cavity fillings. I had paid $129 for my (R) side work before services where started or completed. Then before I know it Rosie comes in and tells me your office needs another $350 for services while I am in the chair in pain and I had also taken 2 Triazolam 0.25mg. Luckily my husband was in the room to talk to her and asked her if we could make payment arrangements. He was told she would talk to Dr Hero and see if he was wiling to do the work and if he agreed I could pay the rest on Saturday June 27th(my husbands pay day). She came back in and said yes Dr Hero said it was ok but they needed to collect another $13 dollars for the extraction. He was told when I came in and paid that he had a balance and they applied some of our payment to his balance (which was not explained at check in). I do not have a problem paying our bills but we have spent thousands of dollars at your office and believe me I work as a cardiac nurse so I do understand your office concerns with patients not paying bills in the past. I suffer from severe anxiety that is only induced at dental offices. Yes I know it sounds weird I can stitch patients, watch device placed but can't handle a dentist. It is very embarrassing on my end but it something I have to deal with but the fact I was not offered or given pain medication after having an oral surgery was very disturbing. I was told take ibuprofen and given gauze with an ice pack. My face was severely swollen the whole (L) side and I was in severe pain I was taken to an urgent care on Sunday where I had to pay another $75.00 copay and the physician then gave me tramadol as I have an intolerance to vicodin and percocet. The Dr was shocked how swollen and bruised my face was and that I was given no pain medication. I feel like every time I come into your office I am treated like a drug addict or worst someone who does not like to pay my bills. The only reason I agreed to do the work is because Sherry is such a sweet lady that talked to me in full detail about the concerns of my work at my last cleaning and told me I did not have to suffer in a chair with nothing to relax me as I could not afford the anesthesia. I know there are rules that have to be followed for controlled substances but I should have been offered something more then ibuprofen and sent on my way. I need dental to complete this side but I am very uneasy about going back to your office for more work. Also anytime we go to your office I always receive a bill after my insurance covers 2 dr visits a year and an additional cleaning by hygienist only. So I am not sure why we always get bills. If you could please call me back with concerns  I would appreciate it. Thank you -Jessica \n\nThen this is the response I get from Holly not even a phone call but a defensive response from the Mgr.