Damn...take out that second mortgage before catching a game here.  1 star is even a stretch!  \n\nMy buddy was in town (Padre fan) and wanted to watch them play at a different stadium other than their home field on 83rd in Peoria.  I had never been down here to this stadium, so we decided that we would try to catch a game here.  The Padres were playing the Giants at 7pm on Friday night.  I went online to buy tickets, and almost passed out from shock!  Lawn seats were $39.00.  Yes, you heard that right....a LAWN SEAT aka GENERAL ADMISSION was $39.00.  I know we are in Scottsdale, but Jesus Christ!  It's a Spring Training game for crying out loud!  When I saw those prices, there was no way in hell I was going to pay that much to watch a Spring game.  My buddy wound up getting some tickets through a rewards program at work, so technically they didn't cost us anything out of pocket.  He got us some bleacher seats.  Just for shits and giggles, I looked up the prices of bleacher seats.......$70.00!  Once again, are you fucking serious?  $70.00 to sit on a metal bench down the 3rd base line?  I pretty much threw up in my mouth.  Anyways.....enough of that.  With tickets in hand, we headed on down to Scottsdale.  \n\nWe found free parking a few blocks down (the only positive thing I can say about this trip) and made our way up to the stadium.  I like the spot its situated in, but once we walked through the gates, I don't have anything else positive to say.  Here are my beefs..........\n\n1.  Bleacher seating-  They are 100 foot long rows of bleachers.  One way in, one way out.  If you are seated on the end, not near the walkway, have fun shuffling past about 40 people to get to your seat.\n2.  Standing room only-  They have a huge hill where you can stand in the outfield to try and watch the game.  Its the smallest and worst area I have ever seen for SRO.  Unless you get there way early, find a piece of land to stake your claim near the actual fence, good luck enjoying trying to watch the game from any decent angle.  The other problem circles back to those bleacher seats.  The bleachers are all up and down 1st and 3rd base, so while walking around the stadium, there are NO sight lines.  It's a horrible set up.  \n3.  Concessions-  I understand that things are expensive at the stadiums.  I have no problem shelling out a few bucks for certain things.  I saw some of the prices of things, and once again, threw up in my mouth.  A beer was $11.50!  An Its It Ice Cream Sandwich (Greatest thing ever, btw) was $7.50!  Damn, Gina!  Its its are really really good, and they are my favorite ice cream sandwich ever,  but not $7.50 good!\n4.  Bathrooms-  I went into 2 different restrooms and each one had only one urinal and 2 stalls.  I know this is an older stadium, but with only 3 pissing receptacles available, lines were incredibly long just to take a leak.\n5.  The Giants fans in general.  I have many friends that are Giants fans and none of them are douchebags, so I know that ALL Giants fans aren't complete tools.  Besides the direct people I know though, most Giants fans I have encountered, are dicks.  They just have an aura about them that I don't like.  Very \"smug\".  Its the same thing I have experienced up at ATT.  Beautiful stadium, but you are surrounded by asshats. Thankfully, we found some SD folks to chill with for a few innings and had a good time.  Northern CA folks are just \"different\".  I much prefer the more laid back, chill vibe from Southern CA and get along better with people from Southern CA (LA and SD). \n\nWell...that is about it.  I don't ever see myself coming back to this stadium.  It's way too expensive, sight lines are the worst I have ever seen at a ballpark, and the general douchebaggery of Giants fans will keep me away.