Square One is an interesting study in the development of what Washington Post journalist Joel Garreau termed an \"edge city\": a concentration of business, shopping, and entertainment outside a downtown core in a sub-urban area, usually serviced by a major highway. Square One fits the edge city concept to a tee. You've got your mega mall, city hall, massive condos, branch offices for major corporations, government offices, two mega movie theaters, and sit down restaurant chains that typically only locate in \"destination malls\".\n\nSquare One proper roughly has it all: an Old Navy, a Dollar Store, a Hugo Boss store, a Bulk Foods for your Lucky Elephant pink popcorn needs, and Sears\/the Bay\/Zellers\/WalMart. I know you're scratching your eyes at this point so let me repeat it: Zellers and WalMart in one mall. I defy you to name another mall that has that. AWOL is the Grey Legion branch that was there oh so long ago. Women, or men, might be excited to learn an actual Victoria Secrets is locating in the mall. See photos. \n\nThe food court at Square One even has a Manchu Wok. The food court is quiet spacious, clean, modern, and inviting. I've never been thrilled with the restaurants in the Square One food court, however. There is a Burger King right across the way so you do have options. There's also a mini food court on the second floor with a Subway.\n\nThe Starbucks is within the food court. For my part, I prefer to dine and then take my coffee in another location within a mall. Variety is key to the experience. Luckily there's a Second Cup on the second floor and a Timohty's near the recent expansion.\n\nSquare One is trying to Sherway it up a bit by carpeting some areas and putting plush comfy chairs for husbands to sink themselves into with their netbooks while their wives enjoy their shopping adventures.\n\nParking is okay but there appears to be no way to enter this mall from the 403 or the 401 without having to take a left hand turn into the mall. I hate making lefts. And that's not a euphemism, so Ron Paul fans please don't message me again.