What a wonderful time to be a vegetarian burrito enthusiast in Toronto. First Burrito Bike launched operations in November, and now Hot Beans serves up an all-vegan burrito experience. No, no -- an all-vegan burrito ADVENTURE.\n\nWhat a terrible time to be a vegetarian burrito in Toronto. You will be eaten. Do not resist. Submit to my appetite. We will find you.\n\nIn the course of Hot Beans' first two operational nights, I tried more than half the items on their menu, 2 out of 3 tacos and 2 out of 3 burritos. I wasn't totally sure what to think until I tried a Big Fat Burrito from around the corner the very next day. That thing was bland as crap next to what Hot Beans dishes out.\n\nMy first thought was that the price was a little high, but on the A side, you're getting good-quality ingredients and recipes that taste of authentic Mexican flavours, and on the B side, the prices are actual comparable to most other burrito places anyway, so it's really not that big a deal in retrospect.\n\nFirst up, I had the jackfruit \"pulled pork\" with chips and salsa. The jackfruit was sweet, and the BBQ sauce with the other sauces they add really made a great flavour-texture combo. This was probably my favourite (though next time I'd combo it with the beans and rice side, as I believe that's the most substantial option you can get). The chips are great - you just don't get enough. I tried some of my girlfriend's seitan burrito as well. It was very heavy on the seitan; didn't really get a great variety of tastes from it (maybe this isn't \"authentic\", but I love a variety of toppings - why aren't there beans on every burrito?). It's very good, but probably too \"meaty\" - they could substitute some of that seitan for more fillings in my opinion. Then, I was still pretty hungry - no fault of theirs, I'm just a hungry guy - so I ordered the bean burrito. Again, I felt like it could use more filling - they had run out of guac, so that was missing. But still very tasty.\n\nThe next night, my girlfriend ordered the 'chicken' bean-curd tacos with beans and rice. The rice was undercooked and crunchy, so I took it up to the guy. He was very good about replacing it with some slaw. Since it's their first week of operation, he said they still had some details to work out, like operating the rice cooker for the amount of rice they prepare, so I was happy to let it go. The tacos themselves were good, but the texture of the bean-curd was rubbery. I mean, that's just how bean-curd sheets are, and I like them on their own, but I wasn't sure if it worked in a taco.\n\nI do really wanna try the TVP steak burrito, as I imagine that will be good. We also got their house-prepared vegan donuts both nights, and those suckers is tasty, dawg. Hmm? \"Dawg.\" Yeah. Yeah, I called you \"dawg\". Oh, I don't know. Just something I heard I guess. Where? I don't know, TV probably. Hmm? You don't want me to call you that? Okay, whatever.\n\nAll in all, these are high quality burritos, loaded with flavour, coming from two pretty cool and possibly passionate cooks. Highly recommended.\n\nIf you suspect your neighbour is secretly a vegetarian burrito, do the patriotic thing and report them to the proper authorities, so that they can be promptly eaten.