You can never have too much cheese if you ask me and when you are craving some cheesy goodness look no further than Le Cheese.  This little diner is an ode to all the classic cheesy comfort food of your youth.  If you are in the mood for a classic grilled cheese or mac and cheese just like you used to have as a kid then come here for that fix.\n\nIt is located right on Monkland Ave about a 15 minute walk from the Villa Maria metro.  It is on a quieter section of the street so parking should be pretty easy should you drive.  The place is pretty tiny and I could see where on a weekend seating may be hard to come by.  You order at the counter and your food is brought to you when it is ready.  They make it fresh to order so it might take a few minutes but the wait is worth it!\n\nI was starving so I went all out ordering the Cheese Steak in a combo with fries and tomato soup.  I was a little disappointed that there were no tater tots to be seen on the menu especially since other Yelpers have raved so much about them and I was dying for a taste.  This came out to about $19 but it was a ton of food so it was worth the price.\n\nThe tomato soup was DA BOMB! It is seriously one of the best tomato soups I have ever tasted.  It had a creamy texture and well balanced flavour.  The philly cheese-steak kind of fell flat for me.  If memory serves me it was supposed to have a jalapeno cheese sauce but for something that supposedly contained hot peppers it didn't have much of a spicy kick to it.  The fries were very well seasoned and they had added rosemary for a little extra flavour which added a nice touch.  I also tried a bit of my friend's Batman grilled cheese sandwich which had cheese, bacon, tomatoes and avocado.  All I can say is holy grilled cheese Batman!  It was pretty good and it made me wish I had gotten that instead of the Philly Cheese Steak.\n\nLe Cheese is awesome and definitely merits more visits to check out what else they have to offer.  For all the cheese fans out there this is definitely the place to come to satisfy your cravings.