If you're looking to get a screen replaced, stay away from this place. Quality of replacement parts is extremely poor and prices are relatively high (contrary to what some of the other reviews claim - I honestly question the authenticity of some of the 4-5 star reviews...)\n\nI went in to replace a broken iPhone 5s digitizer and ran into a bunch of issues that ultimately left me exactly where I started minus $120.\n\nDetails:\n1. The guy initially tried to sell me a screen that was already cracked at the bottom. When my boyfriend pointed it out he denied it until we took off the screen protector and pointed out the large, obvious crack to him. He then took my phone apart again to put in another screen.\n\n2. When I got home, I noticed that the home button wasn't screwed in properly so it moved around quite a bit - not a huge deal.\n\n3. What was a huge deal was when I realized some parts of the screen were unresponsive to touch, aka he had replaced my broken digitizer with another (less) broken digitizer. I hadn't noticed in the store because I had only tested swiping and pressing numbers on the keypad. The issue only became apparent when I tried to use the keyboard and realized some letters didn't work. FYI: ALWAYS check all the letters\/characters on the keyboard after a screen replacement, that was my mistake.\n\n4. Two weeks later, the digitizer ended up breaking beyond the point of usage when my phone slipped out of my hands and fell on the ground from a seated level... I had been too busy to take the phone in again immediately after I discovered the last issue\/I thought that I could live with not being able to type the letter 'y' but evidently the replaced digitizer was not only already slightly broken but also terrible quality. It literally broke after one drop.\n\nTl;dr: Went in to replace a broken iPhone 5s digitizer and the guy gave me a slightly less broken replacement that ended up completing breaking two weeks later. Price of repair was also high at $120. This place is pretty much a scam - DO NOT go for any kind of screen replacement.\n\nUPDATE: This repair happened a while ago now, but new phone problems had me thinking about this place again and I think it's important to mention that (as some of the other reviewers have said) Uphill Wireless steals parts from your phone. When I eventually got my iPhone to a reputable phone repair shop, they told me that several parts were missing. I have no doubt it was this place lol.