On a late, sweltering summer night out, a friend and I had finished the entire downtown circuit and the several friends we were with had all said their goodbyes and gone home. He and I were left with 1-2 hours before the bars closed and plenty of energy but nowhere left to go. We'd done everything from Roosevelt to Fate to the Lost Leaf. We weren't about to do Burn together cuz we're two guys and that would just be gay. Not that there's anything wrong with that. \n\nWhile talking outside, we heard music pumping in the distance and decided to follow it. We tracked it down to this nightclub that I didn't even know existed, even though I live within a 5-10 minute stroll of it. From the outside it looked interesting, at least in our drunken stupor. So we staggered in. There was a cover charge but the friendly but very scary looking bouncer let us in for free because it was so late.\n\nThe club is essentially geared toward the Hispanic community. Not that there's anything wrong with that either. But as I explained to my bewildered out of town guest who was wondering if we'd just slipped into the Twilight Zone, this club as I saw it was a remnant of the \"old school\" downtown of yesteryear. Back in the day when yuppies (and hipsters and scenesters) ventured downtown only to watch a Dbacks or Suns game and then head straight back to their affluent suburbs. The young people left behind who didn't head to those suburbs were the original residents of the downtown area. And they headed here to finish off their Friday and Saturday nights. \n\nThe interior of the place is massive. It was packed, with friendly folks. Not a single one of them was white, which to me is inconsequential but nonetheless interesting. There's a huge dance floor. The loud thumping music was basically Mexican nightclub stuff. I must say I was disappointed by the absence of even a single hottie, though. Which confuses me, since the place was packed and you'd think with the law of averages... ?\n\nAnyway, I guess this place would be fun to stumble into if you're in the exact same circumstances we were in. 1:15 at night, drunk, with an old buddy, out of options, and no need to worry about transportation home, I give it 3 stars because it was a randomly fun experience. But I wouldn't recommend *planning* on coming here as part of a Tour de Downtown on any weekend night.