For all brides, bridesmaids, mother of the bride etc. do NOT get your dress altered at Felichia and if you can find your dress at any other store in the GTA I would go there before ever setting foot in this store. The poor customer service and complete disregard from the owner, not to mention his rudeness and inability to problem solve left us with nothing but a truly awful, inexcusable and expensive experience. NOT. WORTH. IT.\n\nUnfortunately we had a terrible experience at Felichia Bridal. My friend, the bride, has a very small yet busty figure. She bought a backless dress and before she bought it was assured by the staff that the seamstress would have no problem making it fit her. \n\nThe dress came in and my friend went to 4 fittings. She lives 2 hours north of the city and it was a big ordeal to get her down as you can imagine. At every fitting when my friend put on the dress one thing would be fixed, but another problem would emerge with the new alteration. \n\nDuring the fourth fitting, my friend tried the dress on no less than 10 times. After each try we would identify an area that needed to be fixed, mainly multiple wrinkles across the bodice and the boning pulling the fabric of the dress creating a pooch, as well as too much bulky fabric at the side seams which created even more ripples and wrinkles. It was awful! The seamstress did what was her best to accommodate the changes, but we could tell she was in over her head and just didn't know how to fix the problem. \n\nDuring the fourth fitting we came in at 5pm left for an hour so she would alter the dress and returned at 6pm to \"pick up the dress\" however, it was still not wearable. The bride and I were at the store until 9pm waiting for the seamstress to attempt to fix the dress. It was at that point around 8:30pm after much patience that we decided we needed to accept that the seamstress was unable to make the dress look wearable and we had to take it and leave to take it to an emergency seamstress who could try to salvage the $3000 dress which had been basically butchered. The whole thing was a nightmare and the bride was obviously in tears as her wedding was 3 days away. \n\nThe best\/worst part was when they asked us to pay $630 for alterations before we could have the dress. We argued that it was completely unfair to expect us to pay since we needed to get either a new dress or pay for another seamstress to alter it. I ended up speaking with the owner (or manager?) Daniel on the phone who seemed erratic as he told me he would not release the dress to me, then told me to just leave without paying the seamstress anything (which we thought was not fair, we thought the shop should pay her and eat the cost as this was for sure an extraordinary circumstance and she had done her best, although it fell extremely short of acceptable). We ended up paying half and left a note that the owner should pay her the rest. After all, she stayed there until 9pm and Daniel was nowhere to be seen. \n\nWhen we took the dress the next morning to another seamstress (a lifesaver, truly) she showed us everything that the first seamstress has done wrong and it was a list of about 12 things including, cutting out a liner which made the dress two tone, sewing the straps in the wrong place and by hand making them easy to snap off at any point, not sewing the cups in the liner, taking fabric from the side instead of creating darts at the back, cutting the dress at the back unevenly, putting in boning without securing it properly, putting in an eyelet too tight and unevenly to name a few. The seamstress said it was the worst wedding dress alterations she had ever seen after 27 years in the business and was truly horrified by the work. Luckily, she knew what she was doing and salvaged the dress (thank god), we were so relieved and happy. It's unheard of that Felichia Bridal let us walk out with a dress that was completely unwearable. To boot they didn't even show us how to do the bustle AND when the other seamstress attempted to show us she realized that the bustle hadn't even been done! \n\nIt seems insane to both of us that you can spend over $3000 on a dress and have it be unwearable. \n\nBye Felichia!