Mary Yoder's is an OK place to dine.  It's likely more suited to groups or families - eating solo or with a friend puts the \"family style\" on the expensive side of the menu options.\n\nThe food is simple but good. If  you want a generous open-face sammich with real mashed potatoes this is the place for you.  if you're looking for haute cuisine you're going to be disappointed. It's pricey, but you won't leave hungry. Be it by design or fate - the 3 or 4 times we've gone here this place has had some patrons of gargantuan proportion, one assumes drawn in by the promise of endless chow to slake their near bottomless appetites.\n\nIf you're into ramming your face with huge quantities of mediocre food cooked and served in huge tubs than the breakfast buffet is for you - you can line up at the food-trough behind the barely adequate sneeze-guard with the other massive patrons of the buffet and go to town.  It's not for me. If it's not obvious I actually find it quite un-appetizing.\n\nThe staff are friendly enough but don't be surprised if you find that you're a little lonely; and you can see \"real live Amish in the wild\". Once that novelty wears off you realize they're just like any other teenager doing a job they're not crazy about.\n\nOverall we don't come here often despite the fact that we're only a few miles away - after you get an entree with a salad and a soda it is, IMO, too pricey for what you get.  This biggest thing that Yoder's has going for it is the fact that the restaurants worth patronizing in this general area can be counted on one hand - even if you've had a horrible thrasher accident. \n\nThere is bakery and other things to-go. Again, people seem to go ga-ga over Amish bakery, but I find it rather bland and dry - my mom made better pie crust.  Anyone can drop a can of pie filling in a Pillsbury pie crust and you'll be having nearly the same experience without the oppression of women or the horse crap caked in your wheel wells. The last piece of pie I got (blueberry) was merely a slice of jelly with a smattering of berries. Epic fail.\n\nCome for the experience - but don't set expectations too high and you'll leave happy enough.