When you're in Sin City and breakfast comes to mind, many people might think the breakfast buffets on the Strip hit the spot. Don't get me wrong, those are good. However, if you are looking for something a little off the beaten path for the BEST spot for breakfast in Las Vegas, look no further because the \"Egg and I\" will have you covered. With an astounding 2,500 reviews (as of October), its no wonder why this place has near-perfect Yelp reviews. \n\nI've actually had this place bookmarked forever as I finally got the opportunity to dine here with my lady on the morning of Saturday 9\/30\/17. Located directly on West Sahara Ave. (and adjacent to Arville St.), Egg and I is located in the Westside neighborhood of Las Vegas and only about a 10 minute drive from the Strip. Parking especially during breakfast hours can be very challenging as there are other business here. But the majority of people the park in this lot dine here.\n\nSince we had arrived around 10:45am, we park quite a distance from the main entrance. The exterior is very rustic and looks like your mom & pop place. The interior has a very cozy and charming feel to it. Since the weather was a perfect 76°, we decided on dining at their generous outdoor patio. Since I was still tired (after not crashing until 3:30am and waking up at 7:30am), I ordered coffee. What is nice is that they give me the entire carafe of coffee! And lots of liquid creamers to go with it. Score! And our server was very sweet, attentive, and took care of us in a timely manner.\n\nTheir menu is very extensive; they have a huge variety of Eggs Benedicts, omelettes, corned beef hash, French toast, pancakes, waffles, and crepes. I finally decide on ordering their \"Bacon & Onion Skillet\" (for $9.99). My lady opted for \"The Classic\" which are two-eggs (she chose over easy) w\/toast and Godshall's turkey bacon. Both of us receive their signature Habla Diablo seasoned potatoes. Even though business was at full capacity, both our breakfast platters arrive in just 10 minutes.\n\nI've got to say, I was very impressed with what I received. There is something magical about these potatoes because the seasoning in them was addictive! And the bed of eggs over the ooey-gooey cheese made every savory bite a heavenly experience. I had the opportunity of trying some of her turkey bacon and damn, this was flavorful and on point! For the price you pay, you will get enough food to carry you through the rest of the day. In fact, my next meal wasn't until around 8 hours later at 7:30pm.\n\nA little added bonus, if you check-in on the Yelp app, they will give you their signature Banana Nut Muffin. However, we got so much food that even more carbohydrates with that muffin would equal a massive food coma. Overall, the \"Egg and I\" is definitely a place worth checking out. A great family-owned experience, quality food, excellent prices, and stellar service makes this one of the easiest five-star ratings I've given in quite some time!