Omg where do I start! This place is a hot mess! \n\nJoel and I were on this side of town for his job and we hadn't eaten breakfast. Since it was a Monday other places in the area were closed. So Stacks & Yolks it was. \n\nRight away when you walk in there is confusion. It's not a lack of staff either. There are plenty of people just total unorganization. When we were finally seated. (There was a hostess stand outside, but no hostess.) We weren't even given menus. We had to sit there for a while until we finally could flag someone down. They took our drink orders and came back to take our order. I had decided on the Crab Cake Benedict and Joel had the regular Corn Beef Hash with a side of sourdough toast. While waiting for our food I had to practically beg for a refill on my coffee and a water. Also, while we were waiting our waiter came over and asked if we had ordered something that we had not. Then he went around to all the other tables asking who's order it was. Wow. That was not a good sign.\nOur food came out and I was ready to dig in. The waiter not the original waiter asked what kind of toast Joel had wanted and he repeated Sourdough. The waiter said it would be right out. My Crab Cake Benedict looked kinda sad. The Crab Cake itself was crisp and tasty, but the Hollandaise sauce was clearly old cause it wasn't runny, but congealed. The potatoes had no flavor and tasted like something they threw on the flat top for 1 minute and pulled off. Well, after 10 minutes Joel finally got his toast. It wasn't Sourdough however, but Wheat. It was so dry and cold that the fake butter wasn't even melting. It was some seriously sad toast. Talk about sad was Joel's Corn Beef Hash. We were both assuming it would be freshly made in house. We were very wrong. It came out of a can and was gross. I really felt we could have made it better at home. He asked for his eggs to be poached. Which they were, but  they were served in a little bowl that still had some water in it. Why not put them dried on the hash itself?  \n\nSo we are done with our meal and I ask for the check. The waiter said he'd bring it over. 15 more minutes roll by and no check. Meanwhile, people were standing outside glaring at us because they are waiting to sit down and eat! The waiter comes back and asks \"have we gotten our check?\" I respond with a \"no.\" He walked away. I was hoping to get the check!! By this time my debit card is out and I'm annoyed. Finally, some other guy brings us our check. I didn't even look at it. I just handed him my card and the response I got was a fist bump. Normally I'm down for fist bumps, but a fist bump is not an acceptable form of apology for bad service and bad food. Just sayin! \n\nI will never again return here. It was a total waste of my money and my time. Believe me heed my warnings and steer clear!! Run, run now!!!