After the holiday madness subsided and I needed to escape family who were visiting, I needed to get away after reaching a point of \"not today, Satan\". I decided to take my daughter on an advanture and regroup a bit. I was happy to see that Seaquest was open and my three year old was thrilled to go see fishies. \n\nThey are located near Boulevard Mall, next to John's Incredible Pizza Company. It is hard to miss as it is adorned with a giant \"SeaQuest\" sign. Inside feels more like a mall of sorts with a long hallway leading to what looks like a gift shop, but is also where you purchase tickets and tokens (if you have not done so online already). The prices were reasonable for the amount of exploring to do, children 2-11 years old were $9.95 (or $8.95 if purchased online) for a single day pass, adults were $14.95 (or $12.95 if purchased online). They do offer military discount. We also purchased six tokens to feed the fish and indulge in other activities ($9.50 for 4 tokens) but my daughter kept scoring tokens from friendly employees each time we went to redeem one. It helps being cute, and as a result I have a purse full of tokens which luckily do not expire! I think in total we paid about $40 for the two of us and tokens. We were then permitted to walk through the gift shop the doors leading straight into the aquarium.\n\nThey do give you a map so you can go straight to the area that interests you, or just follow the path and explore. We first encountered turtles, bearded dragon and an enclosure with Iguanas. We were allowed to enter, and even pet the Iguanas using two fingers. My daughter promptly decided she was not a fan of the Iguanas and requested we leave. She later confided to me that the Iguanas were her least favorite and \"yucky\". \n\nWe continued on toward the exotic bird enclosure. We spectated from outside as it got pretty crowded around that area. Then it was on to the various sea creatures. She got to see a seahorse (she proclaimed was her favorite even though it was asleep, go figure), starfish, various colorful little fish, a giant sting ray city type of aquarium, large aquarium featuring an array of various larger fish (she fed them), shark city, octopus, toucans, parrots, etc.. They also have a doorway that leads to a mini playground if you are interested in taking a breather and getting fresh air as it does get pretty warm in there (especially after 3 loops around the entire thing). They did have an \"event\" area with bouncy castle which appeared to be for a private birthday party that my daughter insisted on trying to crash. After about two hours of exploring we were both ready to go. She picked a small souvenir for herself and her brother from the gift shop and we were on our way back.\n\nShe still talks about all the fun things she got to see and how much she hates Iguanas (lol), but insists on wanting to go back. They do offer mermaid visits on Saturdays and Sundays and what appears a mini agenda of different classes on the weekends.\n\nOverall, it was money well spent (if not to just get away), and we may opt for their yearly membership. I did not see dirty tanks, overfed fish, or any of the previous claims. I mean the box of food you get to feed the fishes is tiny and the fishes were all about it. 4\/5 for me and we will be back.