Ugh, this place just annoys me these days.  Everything from my original review is still valid, but I needed to add some more info from other visits I have had recently.  And I will not be going back unless I am dragged kicking and screaming!  All right, here I go!\n\n1.  I have been here for a total of 3 times now.  I only go when I am with my sister in law or have a gift card that she bought me that needs to be used.  I would not recommend this place to anyone!\n\n2. All 3 pedis have been mediocre at best.  I have gotten the $35 option of a Herbal Pedi all three times.  The foot soak is nice, but very rushed.  My main complaint is that I had clipping polish within 2 days after each pedicure I have had done at this location.  I gave them the benefit of the doubt the first time because I had gone to the beach right afterwards, but the last 2 pedis did the same thing without me doing anything particularly harsh to the nails.  Most places last at least a week, if not longer for regular polish pedis.\n\n3. It seems really disorganized.  The right hand doesn't know what the left is doing it seems.  Everyone is confused and bewildered. \n\n4.  This is what sent me over the edge and made me do an updated review.  This may be a rant, but I think it needs to be addressed to warn future gift card buyers or holders for Paradise Nail Bar Salon. \n\nI got a gift card for $35 from my sister in law for Christmas.  I have no idea when she bought it or if someone gave it to her and she re-gifted it to me.  I didn't want to ask her and make her feel bad in case it was a re-gift or something.  \n\nSo, I go to get a pedicure with my Christmas gift a few days after Christmas.  I do the average pedi and finish up by going to pay and the drama begins!  I hand my gift card (credit card style) to pay.  The receptionist runs the card and then tells me my gift card is no longer valid.  I asked if the card was damaged or unreadable.  She says it is readable but it says it was purchased over 12 months ago and therefore no longer valid.  I asked again if she could see if there was money still on it and she said she could, but couldn't access the funds.  I asked if there was a manger around so I could ask them about the issue.  Of course the manager isn't on property to ask about the gift card. Ugh, I give up and pay because I know the receptionist really can't do anything at this point.  It is definitely a management thing now.\n\nSo I later emailed the salon and told them my situation.  I also politely asked about the gift card policies and asked if there is something we could work out, especially since the money was still on the card and now just in limbo.  I heard absolutely nothing from them at all.  I sent a follow up and still have not heard a word from them at all.  It has been over 2 weeks now without a word.  I find this to be awful customer service to simply ignore customer questions.  Even if they had responded and said it was the policy to not accept the payment, I would have been mad, but happy someone actually let me know one way or another.  Now, without any feedback, I simply feel like my $35 was stolen.  Great way to build a repeat customer base!