Shopping for appliances is not the way it used to be. I was very grateful to have an informative saleslady since I'm in the market for a new stove. She explained to be the different types currently on the market along with the cost factor and what goes with each different model I looked at.\n\nHer explanations were thorough and complete. I was examining a floor model which had been significantly reduced. I thought that I was getting a good buy with it if I decided to go with it but later she showed me that the current models of the same stove were only slightly higher. That floor model is 3 years old and brand new. \n\nI asked if the new model was in any of their stores since the one I was visiting didn't have it. She checked her inventory and said no. It would have to be ordered but it would be exactly like the floor model I had looked at with the exception of the top burners.\n\nI never was a fan of internet shopping unless I know I am able to return it. I also get upset with the fact that this is a major purchase so I would rather look at what I am buying rather than go and order not knowing what the final product will look like. I am finding out that most big box stores as well as other appliance stores do not carry the full line in store so I'm left with internet searching and reading reviews on what I did see and what I didn't. Needless to say both of the choices I looked at have serious flaws to them but that's the way the make appliances these days. I did learn that Don's Appliance does price match but there is a delivery fee and of course you must buy a new prong for your stove because they have no way of knowing what type of outlet you have in your home.\n\nYou also are not allowed to have them remove the prong attachment from your trade in and put it on a new stove. Don's can pretty much arrange a rapid installation of your choice of model. They service all their appliances after the warranty period for a hefty fee. If you want to save some money other competitors offer free delivery and installation but again you have no idea what you are getting till you get the item you selected.\n\nMy advice would be therefore to search as I did through the product numbers since she was kind enough to give me a total write up and then work from there. Don's does offer one year same as cash financing for major purchases.