This review is for Carlos Santana Performance only.\n\nHouse of Blues music venue is pretty small setup and  when you get seated  it appears you have a pretty good view of the stage.  We were in row 208 section C seats 4-9.  I was in seat 4 and could easily see the front of the stage.\n\nThe name of the concert is Santana for the world famous highly skilled musician Carlos Santana.  What we could see was his entire band and a salt and pepper male singing duo.  What we did not see was Carlos Santana, the person EVERYBODY came to see.  Yes he was there, yes he was playing, but he practically hid in the far left corner of the stage 99.9% of the show.  Hmmm, so maybe House of Blues should instruct Mr Santana that the crowd paying $125 per ticket and more(price of our seats) are there to SEE him, not just hear him.  If I just wanted to listen to him I would have watched Youtube.  There was a camera man shooting live for the television screens but even that didn't focus on Carlos.  What I am typing might sound like bitter grapes, but trust me nobody on the left side of the stage was happy, most people were just as bored as me, yawning and not even looking at the stage or televisions.\n\nWell maybe if we had purchased different seats the concert would be better-wrong! We left early and I checked the view from the center and right viewing areas and Mr Santana was very difficult to see from those vantages as well.  Mr Santana was virtually hiding from his fans way in the back left corner of the stage.  Santana's sets were also way too long.  Interesting upbeat music quickly devolved into boring noise as single songs turned into ten minute long ordeals.  Dude mix it up and keep your audience attentive not imprisoned.  I have seen almost every show in Vegas and the only show worse than this was the Legends of Music Tribute show at the Stratosphere which cost $20 and came with a free buffet !\n\nI would highly recommend NOT seeing Santana unless you are a die hard fan willing to pay a lot of money to only hear him play.