Cheap chinese buffets are my favorite type of \"Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives\" to seek out and enjoy; a little bit of risk can sometimes bring a great reward. Other times..., well, it's a gamble that either pays off or it doesn't -- hopefully you don't pay too dearly! \n\nChina Harvest is one of the good finds, but it takes a very specific taste (ie cheap) to fully enjoy a dining experience there. The restaurant is housed in a former Denny's restaurant building, in a Food City shopping center at 28th Ave and Cactus in North Phoenix, and with its sloping, tiled roof, really looks like an old chinese building. They added a bright green, almost chartreuse, interior paint-job and stuck compact fluorescent light bulbs in all of the booth's fixtures to spruce up the place and make it their own, creating quite a trailer-chic ambiance. \n\nChina Harvest has been in this location for a long time, and is almost always moderately busy. It seems to be a family-run operation, since the same workers are always there whether I go for a late dinner or an early weekday lunch (insert Labor Law joke here). In several years of coming here, I've never gotten personal with the staff, but they are always polite, recognize me as a regular customer, and are even occasionally cheerful, if reserved. Cleanliness is okay, but the place is OLD, so maintains a pretty dumpy facade. \n\nIf you can get past the decor, China Harvest does make some pretty good 'american-style' chinese food. All of the staples are there, such as S&S chicken, fried rice, noodles, egg rolls, etc. They also include some items that are not always found, but that I appreciate, such as spinach, bean sprouts, and other veggies. I am not a seafood fan, but they always have plenty of choices, from stuffed crab to shrimp to mussels, which my wife and daughter enjoy a lot. I've even seen folks 'sucking the heads' of a pile of crayfish. I usually stick with the several varieties of chicken dishes, such as spicy General Tso's, sweet honey-sesame, or teriyaki chicken, and the BBQ pork as well. There are plenty of generic dessert choices to choose from including soft serve ice cream, fruit, cakes, and there's always room for Jello. \n\nMy only concerns are that a lot of the dishes are cooked using a deep fryer, and sometimes the temperature or draining must not be quite right and the items are a little on the wrong side of the GREASY-CRISPY Spectrum. On those days, the food quality combined with the environment would only warrant about 2.5 stars. If this could be remedied to at least be consistent, or better yet if there were more dishes prepared by grilling, woking, or baking, I would enjoy the food even more. \nAlso, there are no toppings available for the ice cream, just a standard soft serve machine with VAN - SWIRL - CHOC and a choice of a dish or a cone. I get around this by adding some of the bananas with fake strawberry sauce from the salad area of the buffet, but some chocolate syrup and nuts would be even better. \n\nA nice choice for lunch is to take advantage of paying by the pound to get it to go. You get to load up however much you like and pay for that much -- lunch to go for me is usually around $3-5, which can save over the All-You-Can-Eat price if you don't have a big appetite that day. I don't like this on days when I want a ton of food, though; then it's better to go to a one-price per box place. \n\nChina Harvest may only be a 3 star joint to most folks, but it is right up my alley as a low cost, decent quality, cheapo china 'booofay'.