Okay, it's unusually these days to be WOW'ed by a restaurant, but I can honestly say that Ocotillo WOW'ed me. So spacious. There's dining, lounging, and bar stooling available. If you sit near the bar (by the way it's a good sized bar and roomy so no one is brushing past saying \"oh sorry\"), you can watch the folks in the kitchen busily preparing the dishes. \n\nCreative dishes is an understatement, unbelievable flavors, and the food really hit the spot. I'm almost afraid to go back because if the cooks are different the food may not taste the same and I would be left like a junkie trying to chase that first high.\n\nMy mistake was ordering take out, but it was a weeknight and I was tired. The least favorite was the Crispy Falafel Burger - $14.00 Between the thick bun is a very thick falafel patty with baba ghanoush, pickled green tomatoes, lettuce, mint, yogurt and feta. First of all, why is 'crispy' in the description? Who serves soggy falafel? \n\nI requested no yogurt and no feta. I think the mint was left out too because I couldn't taste any. The baba g. was great and the next time I will ask for extra. It was the only thing I liked on the burger. The pickled tomatoes were just way to thick for me. Maybe if they were sliced thinner I would have eaten them because the burger needed something juicy. I also threw out the grossly wilted lettuce because it was awful by the time I got home. (Now you see why take out was a mistake.) \n\nThe side of fries were cut thick with skin on (yum!) and heavily seasoned with salt. They were also sprinkled with parsley I think but it must have been dried parsley flakes because the flavor was completely tasteless and useless to the meal. All I got was saltiness, but since they were so nicely cooked I ate about half.\n\nComing in third place were the Roasted Sweet Potatoes - $9.00 There were white potato slices mixed in (why?) and also sweet potato chips (why?) with grilled fennel, labneh, harissa, cilantro, and sesame seeds. You're probably asking 'why not?' but honestly I think the dish should have only featured SWEET potatoes. Why didn't the cooks use sweet white potatoes? Doesn't that make more sense than a regular white potato? Duh! \n\nAnyway, I ordered sans cheese and really got to taste that harissa. I'm pretty sure I've never had harissa before. It was delicious, especially with the black and white sesame seeds. It tasted sort of like chili. And then there was the cilantro. Yum! Just enough added to perk up the overall beauty of the complete ensemble. If it wasn't for the plain white potato and chips this would have been my second fave.\n\nIn second place was the Gazpacho - $11.00 Served cold of course with heirloom tomatoes, peaches, homemade croutons, pickled chilies, and herbs. It was a tiny portion - seriously I felt robbed, call the cops! - for the price (maybe that was due to the take out order) but it was surprisingly delicious. At first I was worried that the veggies were too oily but once I combined them with the soup everything blended very well.\n\nFirst place goes to the Chinese Long Beans - $9.00 I've seen long beans in the grocery store and never bought them because I couldn't picture myself eating beans that size, but this rocked! Just about the only cheese I want, the romesco sauce was a bright orange and even though it was smooth you could see all the almond, parsley, and parmesan morsels in it. I will ask for extra of this next time. Wow! So delicious. Plus the beans were tender, not stringly like I originally thought they would be.\n\nI definitely plan to return to Ocotillo with a crew so we can lounge outside and eat the food while it's hot. The dishes were fantastic and I was happy to see multiple vegetarian choices. I think the falafel and sweet potato dishes were vegan without the cheese, but you can never be sure about baba ghanoush because some annoying cooks slip yogurt in it so definitely ask the waiter when you go. \n\nThe total with tax was $47 and worth my pretty pennies.