First off, a friend and I went to see this show in Vegas after another friend of ours attended the premiere and told us it was the worst thing he had ever seen. My friend and I then decided that we had to go. So I was already attending this show ironically. I was not as disappointed as I thought I would be. But still not impressed enough to warrant more than a star.\n\nThe stage at the Luxor is amazing. It's framed by scary gilt rabbits who intermittently pull Criss Angel's effigy head out of a hat. There's a rich, red curtain. It's beautiful.\n\nThere are four pre-show clowns dressed identically to the ushers. It gets a little tiresome watching them. Good thing there was a bar and a bathroom near our seats.\n\nMuch has been made of the marriage of Criss Angel and Cirque Du Soleil; a marriage that should be annulled in my opinion. But they have committed to making it work for ten years. Presumably the kids will be in college by then and it will soften the blow of divorce. But they should annul this marriage much sooner. They're both destroying each other.\n\nThe Cirque De Soleil imagery and art direction was impeccable as always. It was a little precious at times. But the most memorable images came from their commitment. The big mistake was giving Angel a microphone. Not only does his Levittown baby accent belie the dark persona he's created for himself, but he's prone to really bad dick jokes when he has the mike. And after talking to a couple of other people who have seen this show on different occasions, he uses the same dick jokes over and over.\n\nMy problem is this. I like Criss Angel. And I like Cirque De Soleil. But never the twain should meet. It's like inviting Billy Idol to sing the theme to NPR's All Things Considered. \n\nI don't even think Angel should have a stage show. The greatest part about his show Mindfreak is that he does unthinkable, head scratching stunts. They really do leave you wondering how he did it. Here, he is confined to a stage. And so is his imagination. It's none of the fresh thinking you see on Mindfreak. It's all sleeved doves, flashpots and trap doors (many times over). They're all tricks we've seen time and time again; the only fresh take on them in this show is now they have access to Cirque Du Soleil's prop closet. That's about it. \n\nI hope this show gets retooled at some point. A friend pointed out that he should do a \"rock and roll\" magic show. I'd go see that...whatever that means. But right now, I hope mom and dad can separate amicably.