Bring your flock down here. The food is definitely not \"fowl.\"\n\nFlock & Fowl's downtown Las Vegas location is the newest venture by Chef Sheridan Su and Jenny Wong, the power couple behind such successful business ventures as Fat Choy and the original location of Flock & Fowl. They've taken over a relatively cavernous space at the Ogden which was formerly inhabited by the not-so-interesting Itsy Bitsy Ramen & Whisky.\n\nParking isn't great unless you pay for it, wait until 10pm and get lucky enough to find a free spot on the street, or leave your car far enough away while walking away your calories in advance. But when you do get here, you can post up at the bar on the lower \"floor\" or get seated upstairs in the main section. I would've much preferred a well-lit spot at the counter, but my friends and I sat by the window. At night. With that unfortunate dim lighting favored by so many restaurants.\n\nThankfully, the food was awesome enough that I didn't have to worry about not seeing it vividly. We started off with a plate of 8 chicken wings ($11.99), which our server helpfully presented with a sampler of sauces on the side instead of coating said wings. This let me experience how awesome the wings were with only salt and pepper, and proper battering and frying. They're as good as any which I've had if not better.\n\nLet's get to the sauces too. The honey butter was the only actual dressing listed on the menu, and it was underwhelming for me. The honey and butter both weren't that pronounced. The gochujang was the not-so-spicy base of the Angry Sauce and was about as good as you'll find, give or take lack of spiciness. The tamarind caramel, which I believe is the accompaniment of the Son in Law Deviled Eggs, was also very enjoyable, but I prefer the original Flock & Fowl's Thai Caramel.\n\nLet's get to my main course though: the Laksa ($16.99). I saw it on Chef Sheridan's Instagram a couple of weeks ago and have been eager to try it ever since then, so this was truly the only entree option which I was ready to entertain. The soup is reasonably sized, more of a ramen than a pho. The curry broth was really amazing and not too spicy for me. Egg noodles and chicken soaked up that broth, and the poached egg enriched it. Pretty much everything was awesome except for the slightly empty shrimp head, which ended up being more troublesome due to dispersed hard shells and legs than it was worth the added flavor.\n\nCouple notes on nibbles from my friends' plates: the vegetable hash, featuring tofu, corn, chili peppers, and some other bits, was a work of art in balance of flavors and textures. The fried chicken skins, topped with an aioli that perhaps had rosemary in it, were excellent, as I'd anticipated after trying the wings. The curly fries were fairly standard but had the right textures and seasoning, and the truffle aioli on the side of that was beautiful.\n\nI mostly stuck to water because it was the end of the night, but I tried a bit of my friends' libations. The Mezcal Milk Tea was nice in theory but the oolong was overpowered by the Mezcal. As for the Hitachino Dai Dai, I haven't seen that brewery's products around town so I appreciated the effort by the restaurant to procure it. I did enjoy it as nice red ale, but I didn't understand at all why it was labeled an IPA. There wasn't much hoppiness in it.\n\nFlock & Fowl has successfully made the leap to an awesome downtown Las Vegas space and revamped its menu enough to justify the new prices. I will definitely come back during the day for some better lighting and at night if I find myself in the area for other reasons again.