Yo player, Carnevino is the trill deal. I broke a \"vegan for a month\" challenge to eat at this place and let me tell you, I did not regret doing it one bit after my experience.\n\nMy friend and I are like a nice steakhouse team, always looking for the best place that we can find. Lucky for us, Las Vegas provides many options.\n\nSo we go on this spur of the moment trip to Vegas and have already decided that we are going to go to either Craftsteak or Carnevino. What did we do to decide? The same thing everyone else does- look on yelp. When I saw the reviews for Carnevino and how everyone seemed to complain about sub-par service and quality of steak & sides, I wanted to go here about as bad as someone wants to go to an STD clinic to find a date. Forreal, yall m'f*ckas write some compelling ish on this site. \n\nAnyways, I tried to make a reservation at Craftsteak and they were booked. So were GR Steak and Delmonico. What were we to do? The only thing we could do...make a reservation at Carnevino and accept the punishment our patience and taste buds were about to endure. Boy were we wrong...\n\nThe hostess on the phone was bubbly as can be, made us an immediate reservation and convinced us that this was the best possible choice. I'm easily swayed, so my attitude about this place changed almost immediately.\n\nWe get there and are seated immediately by another (maybe the same) friendly hostess. Ambiance was on point. White table cloth, dim lit, comfortable seats, bookcases, and even a Persian rug! Our server JT was not, and I repeat WAS NOT Justin Timberlake. Disappointing I know, but if you translated his serving skills into  singing skills, he would have been better than Justin Timberlake, word is bond.\n\nThe ciabatta bread was soooooo damn tight! it came with butter, and pig fat blended with spices. Sounds gross, tastes okay; I wouldn't kill a man for it. Unfortunately, this is what kept Carnevino from getting the 5th star. I think they could do better.\n\nWe ordered the Ribeye for 2, mashed potatoes and mushrooms. These dishes... I would kill a man for.\n\nThe mashed potatoes had an effin' poached egg in 'em that one of the homeboys working there broke and mixed in for us! Dude, upon first bite I seriously said out loud \"that is what mashed potatoes should taste like. Someone call Merriam-Webster, and tell them that Carnevino just redefined what mashed potatoes are.\"\n\nMushrooms were dope, had a balsamic glaze or something, but not much to elaborate on.\n\nMost expensive steak houses all taste the same or close to the same with only minor differences between them. The steak at Carnevino was unique and in a class of it's own. There was a perfect crust on the meat, and if you told me that it was only seasoned with salt and pepper, I wouldn't believe you. It was cooked PERFECTLY and was served hot. It was so tender, flavorful and overall perfect that if you told me Jesus himself cooked it, I would totally believe you.\n\nWe received a couple of compliments from the chef, some cheese balls and shortbread cookies, both of which deserve honorable mention.\n\nIn conclusion, If you want amazing service, amazing food, amazing ambiance, but most importantly an amazing experience all at a decent price, go to Carnevino. If you don't want any of those other things, go to Cut and I'm sure you'll be satisfied.