After reading all the good reviews on Yelp, my wife and I decided to try Del Frisco's one night. I will say that it was one of the most interesting dinners that we have ever experienced!\n\nWe arrived a little early for our reservation but they seated us immediately. Our first impression was that the restaurant was very loud, but I think we were walking into the bar area because they seated us in a smaller room with 6 or 7 other tables and a large group on the back wall. The room should have been quiet but that is where the real excitement began!\n\nWe sat down and ordered a drink, only to realize that the large group sitting just a few tables away already ordered their drink (and them some). I knew they had been drinking for days on end because they began to sing songs, clap, yell, laugh, etc. like they were celebrating a thousand birthdays! This went on until the hostess attempted to seat another table right next to them. After 5 mins the table requested they be moved and were met with mocking cheers from the group. Another 5 mins went by and 2 other couples walked in and immediately requested a table in a different area because of the antics taking place. After each couple left, the group became more belligerent and entertaining.  At that point, we couldn't resist watching this all go down - even though it was interrupting what was supposed to be a quiet, romantic dinner for two. \n\nAfter a few more minutes, the manager approached their table and requested that they show some courtesy and quiet down. Of course, the manager was met with complaints and mocking responses; that's when things really got good! If that were my restaurant, I would have grabbed them off their chairs and kicked them out the door at that point! The manager came to our table and asked us if we would like to be moved. We declined the offer because we were already eating our appetizer and enjoying the show. Finally, after another couple walked in and left, the manager asked the group to leave the restaurant. At that point their anger boiled over and they began to argue and refuse to pay their bill. They also approached our table and asked us if they were being rude. Of course, we told them exactly what we thought of their actions that evening. After a few more complaints and insults, they finally left the restaurant!\n\nBack to our dinner: We both ordered the Caesar salad and filet. The salad was great and the steak was one of the best in Vegas! The service was exceptional and the manager should be applauded for the way she handled everything. I have never seen anyone kicked out of an upscale restaurant but they definitely deserved it - and then some! They even comped our appetizer and desert; which was completely unnecessary!\n\nWe will definitely add Del Frisco's to our favorite list and we won't forget to order the chocolate cake for dessert!