Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh my god!  This place was da bomb!  Highly recommend!\n\nTucked away in the romantic street of Markham (I've never seen this street before!), this cozy and friendly restaurant welcomed us with open arms.\n\nNow let's get to the food already!   There was quite a bit of diversity on the menu.  3 solid flaps of Appies, Entrees and Desserts.  We went for the $25 prix-fixe menu (from my understanding changes on a daily basis).\n\nStarters: I had the AVOCADO BRUSCHETTA and my boyfriend had the MEAT GUMBO.  Both were very rich in flavor and hits you like home-style food should hit you, warm and to the bone.\n\nEating soul food, we had to get the CORNBREAD, which I highly recommend!!!  Imagine perfectly warm cornbread, that's light and fluffy and just melting in your mouth... Cornbread is hard to master (for me, at least!)  And this place did it 100% right!\n\nMains: I ordered the SOUTHERN FRIED BAYOU CHICKEN, which was what the server recommended (btw - the service was exquisite).  She said that it's a southern staple (so true) and that it's not always available on the menu and that some people need to be e-mail notified when it is on the menu.  So I had to try it and it came with a side of CUMIN BASMATI RICE and GREEN BEANS which was hearty and divine.  There was a sauce over the chicken that was thick and delicious!  \n\nCool Note, ask for some hot sauce (also a southern staple) and they bring out a variety of hot sauces which they sell as well and boy, they are good!\n\nMy bf ordered the BLACKENED CAJUN CHICKEN, it was a smaller piece of chicken but was not a loser to what the sides had to offer.  He had SWEET POTATO MASH, JAMBAYLAYA, HUSH PUPPIES and COLLARD GREENS.  OH ME OH MY.  Each bite of food was like a little food explosion in your mouth, filled with hearty flavors injected into every bite.  I have never seen him so vocal about his food, it was definately a winner in our books and easily claimed \"one of the best meals of our lives\".\n\nDessert: Since I had scarfed down everything so quickly, I went for the ORANGE FRUIT SORBET, which was lighter on the palette.  It was so fresh and definately tasted homemade, I highly recommend it.  We also tried OUR FAMOUS PECAN PIE and that was really good.  It all tasted so fresh, you can taste the flavours of the pecan just ooze out with every bite.\n\nOverall, this was one of the best experiences of our lives. It's a must go.  The service was helpful and attentive.  The atmosphere was a little random and busy but very entertaining.  The food was superb (one of the best in the city, in my books).  We felt so comfortable, we had great flowing conversation, much like a new couple going on a first date again.\n\nCool Note - They have a fortune teller in the front of the restaurant.  I didn't do it, but from the other reviews, it seemed to be about $20 per reading. \n\nSorry this review is so long, I usually like to keep my reviews short and to the point but that would not do this place the justice it deserves.  If you are reading this, please hop into your car and go immediately.