I was apprehensive about Playa Cabana. I heard they rush people out. I don't like this. I heard some people say the tacos are amazing and others claim they are not authentic. After enjoying dinner there tonight, I'd say the latter is pretty much horseshit.\n\nLet's break it down like this:\n\nEnvironment: wonderful, but you couldn't comfortably spend a lot of time lingering here. The decor of the room is super cool and you feel like you're in a bar in Mexico. Props for decor. \n\nService: They did get a little rush-y at the end, but it was pouring rain outside and we'd already lingered a bit waiting for it to stop, so actually, they were pretty hospitable. If is hadn't been raining, I would not have found a reason to stay after finishing our food and drinks. Our server wad friendly and recommended a few things for us.\n\nFood: UH MAZ ING. Are you freaking kidding me? The quality and quantity of meat in the Short Rib Tacos was staggering. So tender and scrumptious. The flavours were making me tingle-- in a good way! Who are these pendejos that say the food is not authentic? They vary the shells up a little, but they are definitely tasty and display traditional Mexican seasoning and flair. Let's also not forget that Mexico is a very big country with cooking styles as diverse as Italy and India. What one region dresses their tacos with is not what another region will do.\n\nPendejos.\n\nMy friend had the Toastadas with Barbacoa and Chicken. The tostadas are large and very good. I'd say for a smaller meal: tacos. Medium meal: Toastadas and large meal: Burritos. I'm a piggy and was stuffed after the tacos. My friend took some of her toastadas home. I am still stuffed after heading out for a couple of drinks and a bike ride across the city.\n\nValue: under $100 with tax and tip for a pitcher of margs, guac, tostadas and tacos.\n\nI would happily come here again and again. Very impressed and am not surprised that this place does so well. It's also too far north and off the beaten path for the hipsters. Not a beard or a pair of skinny jeans in sight!