I hate that Yelp filters some of the reviews and put the good reviews first before the bad ones. Because all the bad ones are true that I've read so far. \n\nThis place is a joke and I wouldn't recommend anyone coming here. Brit and Bre are the most unprofessional people I have ever met. And if these two ladies are representing the owner of this shop; he must be a joke to. I called to try to get the name of the owner because it was no where to be found on the website as well as the receipt. Brit and Bre has been giving me the nastiest attitude. I asked for his name and the manager said he wasn't in. I told her that wasn't my question. And she hung up on me. You know when you hear someone slamming the phone? That's what she did! I was in disbelief!!! I called back asking for the same question and Bre asked; weren't you speaking to Brit and you hung up on her? And I said no! She hung up on me. They both started to laugh over the phone and said \"ops, I'm sorry\" that's some childish shit! When I confronted her in person she said it was a miscommunication. And I asked her if it was a miscommunication then what was the reason for you laughing? She didn't say a word. \n\nI signed off on my car to get it back the first time. They told me these are the parts we put in. But you need to come back to put another part in. Don't wash car for two days and don't wax it for 90 days. Please sign here! I signed it, inside the office and I left. When I got home I noticed my bumper was out of place. I didn't tell them because I was coming back anyways. \n\nThey have no clue in what their doing nor do they know parts to my car. I pointed everything out since day one that everything need to be replaced but how many time do I have to come back because you guys didn't get the part that I needed? Those two girls have something so far up their... They don't even listen to anything that you're saying because their too busy giving you an attitude. It's not my fault you hate your job honey. \n\nThese people played me. I told bre about my bumper sticking out on the top part and that's been there when I got my car back. So she marked an x on the paper and told me she will let the guy know. And for me to sign off on it. NOW she's saying I signed off on the scratch that was on the lower bumper to which I had no knowledge about. And they are claiming that I was aware of it and Bre had told me about it. I flipped out! I can't believe the words that was coming out of their mouth and calling me a liar! \n\nHow do I know that they did that damage while under their care? I signed it to get my car back because that's what I thought I needed to do. Not because I was okay with the work they have done. They have NEVER informed me that. The guy at the shop said he noticed that scratch right away. But how come Bre nor did I notice? And they didn't even call me to let me know when I called them twice for an update on my car. How do I know that, that scratch was made when they moved the car? The excuse they gave me? Sorry Bre is new and still in training? If she's in training, why are you letting her inspect my car by herself???