WORST SERVICE EVER!! I wish I could give these guys ZERO stars because they don't even deserve 1 star! The alternator failed on my 2012 Sorento and service manager REFUSED to repair it under warranty. They wanted to charge me $1000 to fix it. Are you kidding me??? The alternator shouldn't fail on a 2 yr old vehicle. The service manager gave me some lameass excuse saying that the alternator was saturated with oil due to oil spillage when oil changes were done. So in other words...they were trying to pin the blame on Mr Lube. The story seemed extremely fishy to me. The alternator is located right below the engine block and yes...I could see how oil spillage could trickle down the side and drip onto the alternator however, my last oil change was done on Jan 31, 2014 so I hardly doubt that it would take oil 5 months to trickle down and saturate my alternator. On top of that, the service manager said that the oil filler neck was full of oil (I popped the hood and it wasn't even wet or slick of oil ). I also hardly doubt that Mr Lube would purposely pour oil directly over top my alternator and fry it. I even called Mr Lube and told them what happened. They were appalled that Eastside KIA would pin the blame on them and trying to wreck their reputation. They are a reputable company. I asked 3 mechanics around the city and all of them told me that Eastside is trying to bend me over and rape me of $1000. \n\nSo I took matters into my own hands and refused to be taken as a fool. I wasn't willing to pay $1000 so I had my vehicle towed to Northland KIA and guess what? They fixed it under warranty!! They took the time to test out the alternator and indeed it was burnt out so they immediately ordered in a new alternator from Edmonton, had it delivered, installed and my vehicle was ready the next day. I was also missing a piece off my roof rack and the service manager ordered in a new part under warranty. They even gave me a portable cooler! :) \n\nI am so glad that I did my due diligence and went somewhere else otherwise i'd be out $1000! Let's just say...I was happy to pay Northland KIA money for my 36,000km service and would NEVER EVER give you guys another dime! Northland KIA will have my business from now on. If Northland KIA wouldn't repair it under warranty, I would have been ok to pay the $1000 because 2 dealerships told me the same thing. However....Eastside told me its not covered under warranty and wanted me to pay $1000 yet Northland said yes it is covered and now they have gained me as a customer. We aren't talking about $100 or $300 here....we are talking about $1000! Dealerships need to learn about customer service and not lie to their customers.