Went here coz people told me about how they love this restaurant and how the food and service is so consistent and excellent. So I decided to give this place a shot\n\nI was really disappointed with this place. Where should I begin. I decided to have the all you can eat. I was looking at the menu. And asked the server what was this thing called the cocaine?  The server told me that it was a salad on top and bottom of some kind of tuna with some kind of spicy sauce. I told her that doesn't tell me anything so please go and find out what exactly it is. \n\nSo I proceeded to order my food various nigiri sushi and apps since I really don't like rolls. I am Japanese and I like traditional sushi. Oh! I ordered the chicken karrage and they told me that they don't have it today. But they have Teri chicken. I asked them how they can have chicken teriyaki but not karrage? They told me that this restaurant is lazy.  \n\nThe kake udon is supposed to be noodles and soup only. It came with shitake mushrooms tempura flakes. And fish cakes. And the noodles taste like one of those instant noodles that is sold at the store in bags and not sanuki udon which is a higher quality udon noodles. \n\nI got my sushi but I didn't have any wasabi and the server noticed that and she will bring it right away. Which turned out to be 10 min later. \n\nThe wasabi was old and dried up so all the heat wasn't there anymore. And they only have low sodium soy sauce so I asked for some regular soy sauce. They told me they only had low sodium soy sauce. Which was hard to believe. So needless to say the sushi was terrible with no taste what so ever. \n\nI guess when the people told me that this place was very consistent they probably meant consistently bad. The owners are Korean. So that would explain a lot. If you want good sushi you have to go to a Japanese owned and run restaurant. \n\nPersonally I'm getting tired these Koreans and mexicans that think they know how to make sushi and is teaching their customers bogus things about sushi and now they think they are professional sushi connoisseurs. If you korean owned you should advertise as such and say you are Korean and serve \"kimbap\" not sushi.