There are positives and negatives to many bars nationwide. Same thing here at Rhumbar. Lets rum it up and discuss this tropical joint..\n\n~The Good~\nThey really pour on the rum, in the sense that they do not shy away from relying heavily on rum-based drinks. As rum-lover myself, this seems to be the single most difficult liquor to request at bars. The bulk of barkeeps simply go to the 3 main staples of Rum which are: Rum and Coke, rum and OJ\/Pineapple and any of the wide variety of sugary fruity drinks women love. Issue is, those drinks get boring after ordering them continuously. Enter the Rhumbar, which has a very solid variety of rums of all different colors for someone like myself to enjoy. The drinks on their menu are mixed perfectly, not too sweet, and strong enough to feel that yummy rum kick. I personally though the Zombie was on par with many others I have had, and the other drinks were well made as well. I also recently came back to enjoy a white mojito, which was unique and tasty. Finally, the barkeep delivered me my personal staple of Pyrat rum, splash of OJ and a orange slice, exactly as asked. Love the outside and the ability to hookah, even though I do not hookah personally it is a nice touch.\n\n~The Bad~\nI first off, really do not like the door-guy they have here. He is bald, older in his mid 40's, and is a real prick. I mean, no way to go about it. He is a prick. And the $10 to get in at 10pm is also a joke, when no one is there especially. I get that they can have a cover charge for the place, but its a bit steep when nothing is going on. If perhaps he could actually see how many people are physically on the property, that would be nice and all....But no...plus he is a prick, so yea. Anyway, he sucks, and the cover does too. So get in before 10pm guys if you want to not pay that. cover for the patio entrance. I also noticed no restrooms which is no bueno, especially if you are buzzed and enjoying the DJ. \n\n~The Downlow~\nOverall, this place could be a 5 star spot if they did not have such a prick running the door. He really does ruin it, and I have been here about 3 times on 3 separate trips, just specifically to run into Mr. Baldhead \"El Prickerino\" DoorGuy, who instantly is a buzz kill. 4 stars go to great rum selection, good specials drink menu I can actually enjoy, fun space, and great bar keeps. One star lost for Cue Ball. Come party at this spot before clubbing it at One Oak, or another place nearby. I prefer it because of its emphasis on rums, but they do have a fun list of drinks. Enjoy and look out for my bald headed friend. Give him a high-five, or a wig...one or the other.