I have to warn everyone, my review is completely based on Halloween Night only, I cannot be responsible for bad experiences on other non-Halloween nights.  I have to say Giligin's really knows how to celebrate Halloween. The place was decorated to the tee, and even had smoke machines running all night, which gave this place a dingy, dark, and scary feel. The place is a total dive, and I think it would be pretty cool on a normal night. I don't even like Old Town that much, but dressed up like V for Vendetta, being behind a mask, made it tolerable.  Also, seeing all the females in their sexy costumes makes it all worth it. It is hilarious to have your ID checked in a costume, as the bouncer looked at my license, looked at my mask, and said \"go ahead, have fun\" I wished I had made a fake license with a picture of me in my mask (mental note for next year.... Halloween is all in the details)\n\nInside Gilian's it's cramped, and the ceiling are low, it's quaint and cozy, so be prepared to shuffle around people, and tables, and wait to get a drink. (They have food as well) The crowd is mellow, and the service is great. Since I had to drink using a straw (mask restriction) the bartender was laughing hysterically when I took a shot of Jack Daniel's through a straw. I have to say, it wasn't bad! \n\nOverall I had a great experience, and people either loved or were scared of my costume. A lot girls needed to see what was \"under\" the mask to feel secure. One girl in response to my question \"what are you supposed to be,  wittily quipped   \"I'm the girl of your dreams\" , she  wasn't even close, but 5 points for cleverness ;) \n\n I guess that blank look of the V mask, somewhere between half happiness, half anger, half sadness, disturbs people. I spent most of the night in \"character\"  and thought it was a very interest experience to be behind a mask in public. Since no one can read you face, people interact with you so differently. Also, you don't have to worry about giving anything anyway from a facial expression.  as I proceeded to make my way out, my friends bought me a shot of Jager, (I hate Jager) I looked around and tried to pass it to someone else..a lucky patron. Bellied up to the bar was Jeff Spicoli, I offer him the shot, he takes, and we toast \"Aloha Mr. Hand!\" I figured if anyone would take a shot of the Jager, it was Spicoli....