I stopped by yesterday at around 5:30 with CM to grab some dinner after spending the afternoon at the Aviary.  I'd wanted to try Wilson's last weekend before a visit to the Mattress Factory, but wasn't able to because we lacked cash, and Wilson's is a cash only establishment.  This time, we came prepared with plenty of green, so we were able to get our BBQ bliss on.\n\nIn case you don't notice the heady odor of smoked meat when approaching Wilson's, it literally hits you in the face as soon as you walk in.  I first inquired about the chicken, but was told by the gentleman working behind the counter (presumably Mr. Wilson) that they were out of it for the day.  Thus, CM and I decided to split a large plate of ribs (around $12), which comes with 6 bones.  Because we'd heard that Wilson's hot sauce is seriously hot, we ordered a mix of hot and mild sauce for the ribs.  For sides, we decided to order the collard greens and the potato salad ($1.34 each), and I got a can of iced tea, as well ($1).  Because he's still having some trouble breathing from his ongoing cold, CM requested that we get our items to go, so I obliged.\n\nAfter finding a picnic table in West Park commons with a little help from a local resident, we unpacked the food and dug in.  We first tried the ribs, and found them appropriately smoky and the right texture, with sufficient give but not falling apart.  The sauce was just the right level of spiciness to satisfy both of us, as well--spicy enough to provide a nice kick, but not so spicy as to be overwhelming.  After finishing the ribs, we both used the slices of white bread provided to soak up the remaining sauce.  As for the sides, they were clearly homemade and of good quality and flavor, though the potato salad was a bit mushier than I'm accustomed to, and the collards were a bit saltier than I'd like.\n\nOverall, we were quite pleased with the quality and amount of food that we received for the price that we paid (around $16).  Make no mistake: Wilson's is a hole in the wall, but in the best sense of the phrase--check it out for solid, unpretentious BBQ that hits the spot for a casual picnic lunch or dinner if you happen to be in the area.