Regretfully, I came here with a group of 20 for my cousin's bday lunch.\n\nThe service was painstakingly slow: We sat down at 12:30pm, waited til 1:50pm to receive food, food was cold, we got the bills at 3:00pm, and payments were processed at 3:15pm. \n\nAnother pressing issue was the collection and redemption of Scene points. They advertise that you can collect 1 Scene point for every $3 spent at Milestones. Additionally, you can redeem 1000 Scene points for $10 off your bill. When it came to collecting Scene points, the waitress claimed that only 1 person could collect at our table of 20, even though we each paid individually. Secondly, when it came to redeeming Scene points, they were unable to do so. It was not until we spoke to the manager that they said we could still redeem the points, but it would take a while longer to create individual bills. We had been at Milestones for nearly 3 hours at that point and just wanted to leave and get on with our day, and so we elected to just pay for our meals without redeeming our Scene points.\n\nThe chaos that ensued from the simple request of collecting and redeeming Scene points - a program that's been in existence for at least 5 years - is unacceptable.\n\nTo make matters worse, the waitresses and manager handled the situation in an unprofessional manner. Not only did they give us attitude throughout the process, the manager blamed the entire ordeal on Scene and their poor implementation. As a representative of Milestones, she should have taken responsibility for their end of the partnership.\n\nThis was likely my worst dining experience of 2017. I understand that they may be short-staffed at this location, however, the restaurant was half empty and it does not excuse the lack of professionalism and inefficiency.\n\nOff the top of my head, I'd recommend other nearby establishments such as Joey's or Smash Kitchen, especially for larger gatherings.\n\nIn conclusion, I strongly recommend against celebrating \"milestones\" at this establishment.