I've been going to Aveda institutes for a long time, since my college days of living on ramen and going to Aveda to get a haircut was the epitome of luxury. I've gotten haircuts, massages, facials, manicures, pedicures. While I have really enjoyed my time with them, I think it's time I graduate from Aveda institutes.\n\nThe things I love about Aveda are still there - complimentary hand and scalp massage and mini facial with their $15 haircut, overall great prices on services, students and instructors who are excited to learn and teach.\n\nThe frustrating things are always bound to happen - waiting anywhere from 5 to 30 minutes for my student to get me to start the service, haircuts taking 2 to 3 hours, delays between instructor check ins, no sense of doing things efficiently​, huge variability in quality of service every time. Recently I had the worst Aveda haircut experience I've ever had in my over 10 years with Aveda institutes. I was offered a complimentary service and the director reached out to me to talk about what happened, which I did appreciate.\n\nIf you're looking for a relaxing spa experience, this place is not for you. The place is brightly lit with fluorescent lights and the students are chit chatting all around. There is always some slight anxiety as you wonder if your student is a total newbie and is gonna fuck up your shit. I guess my tolerance of the crap has worn out and I'd rather just pay a little more to get the relaxing spa experience with a little more confidence in the service I'm getting. I used to only care about having a good haircut by the end or my nails looking good at the end. If you're ok with that, and don't care about the experience or spending extra time here, then this place is for you. The anxiety is generally alleviated by the end, as the instructors provide great instruction and fix any problems. I've gotten some absolutely amazing haircuts here.\n\nSo this is my ode to you, Brown Aveda. Thank you for the memories. I leave you with my conflicted 4 star review. I may be back for laughs once in a while, but I'm gonna go look for my very own hairdresser now. I hope we both find happiness, separately.