2 stars for a solid BBQ joint with one glaring problem.\n\nAfter checking out the famous Gold & Silver Pawn Shop from the television show \"Pawn Stars,\" we headed next door to the BBQ shop owned by show's star, Rick. The joint, called Rick's Rollin Smoke BBQ & Tavern, is a 2-story venue with what looked like a take out area on the bottom level and a bar and outdoor area on the top level. The venue's style as a BBQ joint is well executed and made this Kansas City boy feel like he was back in the Midwest.\n\nWe sat down at a table and a bartender came over to say hello and bring us menus. She also let us know that Rick himself would be bartending tonight, so we were free to stick around to see him or come back and see would make sure we be able to get a drink from him. I appreciated that she was very friendly and overall provided good service. \n\nAfter looking over the rather extensive menu (including a good sized beer list), my wife and I decided to get a couple beers and some sliders. While our dinner reservations kept us from ordering more, both the beers and sliders we received were rather solid. The venue, service and food all corresponded with the venue's 4 star status. \n\nWhat is unfortunate is that, while the venue's food and experience merit 4 star reviews (and would have gotten one from me), it takes the extremely inappropriate step of manipulating its rating. It does this with a little sign on the table, listed in the picture below, offering a free PBR or mystery shot in exchange for being willing to \"Yelp us out.\" Since the sign instructed me to ask the server for details, I asked the server and she told me that we would only receive the free drinks in exchange for a good review! ARE YOU SERIOUS?! This is an absolutely despicable policy that hurts Yelp (posting of inauthentic reviews), insults Yelpers who look to provide honest input and the venue itself because it is less likely to receive constructive criticism that would help it improve. It is one thing to encourage people to write a review for a drink (a little shady in its own right since people would most likely avoid criticizing the venue since it could jeopardize receiving their free drink, but outweighed by the benefit of getting people to write reviews), but offering free drinks for a review AND requiring the reviews to be good crosses the line. The saddest part about this is that the venue would almost assuredly get good reviews and repeat business based on its merits, but this policy is so harmful and insulting that I refuse to go back to this location and recommend everyone avoid it until the policy is eliminated or at the very least reworked to remove the positive review requirement. While the official policy may not involve the positive review requirement, the servers would need to be instructed that this isn't a requirement and the sign updated to reflect that the content of the review wouldn't impact receiving the drink.\n\nOverall, Rick's Rollin Smoke BBQ & Tavern is a solid BBQ location with a great atmosphere and menu full of good options. Unfortunately, the abhorrent Yelp policy makes this a place a must avoid for any self-respecting Yelper.