I wasn't very happy with my first visit to this location. In the beginning the gentleman was very polite and helpful helping me find a tire replacement for my car. They found a replacement and said it could be delivered free of charge to their location. They asked me for deposit I pay them half upfront and they said they would call me in a few hours to come back to place my tire. I received a phone call about an hour later and the gentleman informed me that the tire could be delivered but there will be a delivery fee. Now it's been an hour I already paid half upfront and they do a bait and switch on me. Considering my tire leaking air and not having very much pressure left I'm stuck I don't want to drive back get a refund and then drive to another location and risk not being able to change my tire. This puts me in a tough space to eat the delivery fee now.  I asked them if they could waive the delivery fee and they said they couldn't there's nothing they can do. Now this may not bother other people or other customers but me being in sales and dealing with customer service I have waived a few fees for customers myself so I understand this is totally possible. So keeping that in mind I did not like how things were being handled at this point. They eventually call me to replace my tire I drive over and I felt Tina was being a little petty when it came to me pulling my car up. She made me maneuver my car so much and to make my tires straight I was asking if she wanted me to drive it actually inside the garage. After maneuver in my car for 10 minutes I leave my keys with them and return in 20 minutes. Now mind you sidenote when I paid half upfront they took down all my information my address phone number everything you could think of. When I go to pay she asked me for all my information again this bothers me. I shouldn't have to repeat myself considering all the information they're asking for. Now this is the funny part. After all is said and done Tina drives my car all away around the building to the front door to drop my car off. Now in my head I'm thinking I could've simply just pulled my car up when I first drove up had my quesadilla and have Tina maneuver my car the way she needed to be echo been on my way to return to 20 minutes not having to maneuver my car for 10 minutes and straighten my tires. Now here's the kicker thank God I checked because when they pulled my car up my hubcap was not on I could've drove off without my hubcap and then had another issue. Now I understand things can go wrong on the first impression for the first time you interact with the company business or person. The fact that they made no attempt to recover the situation is something that bothers me.