Yes, you'll have to put down a mortgage, but oh what an experience and pleasure to be fulfilled with every exquisite flavors possible. The 3 stars  Michelin Guide, 5-stars Forbes Travel Guide, and top 5 best restaurants in the United States by Gourmet magazine is truly worth the high praise and price. The restaurant is located at the MGM hotel and next door to the MGM theater. A once in a lifetime experience to be had in the city of endless possibilities. The music and ambiance made for a perfect storm of food coma capital. \n\nPros\n\nInterior and Seating: Decadent, beautiful, and upscale. Everything you would expect from a world class fine dining restaurant. As you enter those magical double doors, you are instantly transported away from the busyness of the casino and wisp into another world of fine dining. The decor is classical, yet there are furnishing of modern touches. It is a mixture of styles between the Bellagio's and Cosmopolitan mixed together in a french style. \n\nService: Professional, friendly, and available at your fingertips. The service is impeccable, from the hostess to the servers and waiters. Even something as small as setting up the tables was done in an elegant manner. Everyone here is on top of their professional game and knowledgeable to tell you what exactly you're consuming. The waiters also ask if you have an itinerary, so they can plan your meal according to your scedule. I recommend blocking a few hours to fully enjoy the meal. The restaurant use to have a limo service where you could get picked up anywhere on the strip and be chauffeured, which was part of your meal. Unfortunately they do not have it anymore and unless you're a guest at the MGM then Uber and Taxis is your best mode of transportation.\n\nFood: Words really cannot describe the magical taste the chefs crafted together. There were so many moments where I was taken back and closed my eyes in pleasure after taking the first bite of each new dish. Even the starter breads was simply fresh and tasty; the mini baguette was my personal favorite for its crust and moist interior. The La Langoustine with foie gras sauce from the hot appetizer section was the BEST item from the menu and one of the best bites I've had in a lifetime. Langoustine is a smaller lobster and their version of a lobster ravioli really set the bar for my taste in lobsters, thank you Joël Robuchon for taking lobster to a whole new level. \n\nThere was really nothing negative to say about the dining experience. The price could be a negative, but well worth it for the heavenly food, professional and kind service, and elegant ambiance and I do recommend going for the tasting menu or the express menu if you have a smaller appetite.