Incredible! My one word to discribe my experience at Mora last night. My husband and I decided to celibate our 8th year together at Mora. After months of people raving about this Italian eatery I was really looking forward to trying this place out. I've heard how crazy long the waits were and I'm happy to say we didn't have to wait this night. We got a cozy little height top for 2. We started with an Old Fashion and their Il Pirata: pinneaple rum, don q gold rum, grapefruit, lime, maple syrup, passion fruit, vanilla. Both really great cocktails. Really enjoyed the smoothness of the maple syrup and vanilla in my Pirata. We decided to take the side of brussle sprouts and make them our appetizer. Great idea, it was the perfect light start. Perfectly cooked, seasoned, and charred on the outside. We knew we wanted the PORCHETTA fior di latte, salsa verde, pickled chili pizza. We just couldn't decide on which pasta dish we wanted, so our waitress recommended the RICOTTA & MASCARPONE GNUDI lobster and guanciale ragu. She said we would not regret it. She was absolutely right. I've never experienced such a delicate and sinfully decadent meal. This was also my first time trying Gnudi. For those who are not familiar, it's usually a dumpling like dish. In this case Ricotta & Mascarpone rolled into balls, dredged in flower and boiled. Once done, they are bouncy on the outside and gooy on the inside. That paired with the perfectly pouched lobster tail was life changing. Dramatic I know... but so true!! It's something everyone needs to experience. The Pizza was very good as well, nice crunchy wood fired crush, good amount of cheese and sauce, we really loved the addition of the pickled chilies, made for a fun twist, and the Porchetta was a bit crispy which I really enjoyed. We finished up with the SALTED CARMEL BUDINA: gianduja crumble, sea salt, fresh whipped cream. And added a side of Vanilla Gelato. The Budina was the perfect finish to this meal. It complimented the delicacy of the Gnudi we had had for dinner. Light, layered, whipped, salty and sweet. I will say I wish we would have gotten a coffee instead of the gelato. Would have been a better pairing. Still tasty though. \n\nThe open layout, contemporary vibes, lively bar, and cute but large patio would be fun to come back get happy hour with friends and family. The regular menu is a bit pricey but worth it. More of a date night, special occasion kind of place for me. This restaurant will be at the top of my birthday dinner list.