TWO WORDS: Soda Float! \n\nSmith-o-lator has them and they are terrific! So many fun flavors of sodas to choose from such as nostalgic Sarsaparilla to Avery's Beverages, which feature intriguingly named sodas like Zombie Brain Juice (Strawberry Orange) and Fungal Fruit (Passionfruit Lime). But the retro soda floats are just the cherry on top of what this wonderful shop has to offer.  \n\nI've been a fan of this store since it opened last year and my fandom has only continued to grow. The gals here are so sweet and welcoming! Heather, the owner, and her staff bring amazing spirit, creativity, and warmth to Downtown Mesa and local AZ community. \n\nTheir cookies really are the shiny stars though. Smith-o-lator produces some of the most delicious cookies I have ever had! The flavors you can find here range from horchata (similar to a snickerdoodle but with a few more spices), prickly pear margarita, peanut butter, lemon strawberry, oatmeal raisin, toasted coconut, and s'mores to gorgeously decorated sugar cookies, and more! Many of these treats are also gluten and\/or vegan friendly too. You can like Smith-o-lator on social media to find out which cookies they are currently baking up in their ovens for the week. \n\nThe cookie magic doesn't stop there, they offer customized hand decorated sugar cookies that are as tasty as they look beautiful AND if there is a party or just for fun, you can get one of their \"Big Ol'\" pan cookies (or as I like to call it \"the stuff Cookie Monster's dreams are made of\") in 12' round or 1\/2 sheet pan.\n\nRecently, I was fortunate enough to take one of their cookie decorating classes (emoji cookies!!) and I feel like I learned a bunch! A class costs $25 for icing, and all the tools necessary to decorate your 6 cookies. You learn about piping, flooding and other tips about working with royal icing from these very skilled decorators. I even got to use the airbrushing tool during the class I attend, which was neat to try out. Classes are kept small so you really feel like you are being treated to a master class in cookie decoration. You can schedule a private class outside of their regularly events or have them host party too!\n\nNot only do you feel great about supporting this local business, but you can feel wonderful about supporting a local business that supports other local businesses that then support even more local businesses. It's like the Inception of buying local. Smith-o-lator shares the local love by using and having products available to purchase from Danzeisen Dairy, Happy Tails Barkery, Doc's Artisan Ice Cream, Fluff It Gourmet Marshmallows, PB Americano, and Laura's Gourmet Granola, just to name a few. In fact, I first discovered Doc's Artisan Ice Cream because Heather uses their ice cream, gelato and sorbets in the floats! #localsupportinglocal\n\nLocated on Main street in Mesa, Smith-o-lator is only a hop on the light rail away. So whether you are stopping by to grab some freshly baked cookies, picking up decorating supplies, grabbing a vintage soda float on a hot day, or attending a decorating class, I highly recommend making the visit to this adorable and charming cookie shop! \n\nIt is no secret that I absolutely adore Smith-o-lator and I'm positive you will too!