I like being around people--I do. I have never been one to hole up in my own cubby and shut out the world, à la Ted Kaczynski. But this is my movie manifesto!\n\nI tire of competing with every other member of the herd during opening weekend of a highly-anticipated movie. I have been traumatized after hastily choosing the obvious movie destinations of Tempe Marketplace or Chandler Fashion Center. I refuse to put up with the hassle of having to arrive at the theater 45 minutes beforehand to make sure to get a ticket and a seat. I am enfeebled after navigating crowded multiplexes, either avoiding  hyperactive teenyboppers or being trapped behind slow-moving troglodytes. I am crushed at the likelihood of being separated from my fellow moviegoers because we can't find three seats together. I refuse to sit in the remaining front rows, where you have to crane your neck and somehow retract your field of vision. Tired, tired, tired.. and I will not allow it to continue!\n\nSo that's why I've become a big fan of the Gilbert Stadium Cinema, or what appears to be listed now as Regal Gilbert Stadium 14 on showtimes sites. The place is never PACKED! In fact, it's downright spooky how unattended the movies here are. I guess ticket sales are so sparse, that they don't justify a separate warm body selling you tickets from the box office. Every time I have come here, the tickets are sold from the concession stand. Came here during opening weekend for The Man of Steel (I'm a huge Superman fan) and had the entire theater to ourselves! Actually, about six more people drifted in the closer it got to showtime, but there was never an issue finding seats together. This is one of the beauties of life in the PHX East Valley! It's so overbuilt in some places, based on projections of what-was-believed-to-be neverending exponential population growth, that there are pockets of commerce that can't possibly be justified by the current number of patrons. Yet these corporate places hold on, waiting for the impending future populations to catch up. Meanwhile, their lack of attendees is my Shopportunity!\n\nSo I recommend this theater if you want to circumvent the real world and save yourself the friggin' hassle of dealing with crowds. And that's something that even the Unabomber could get behind!