I DO NOT recommend this place.  The staff is friendly and service top notch... To an extent.  They are expensive for starters.  Unless you need specific meds for animals only, you can probably get other scripts from a regular pharmacist for cheaper.  2nd, they DO NOT treat cat herpes and that lead to my cat's death.\n\nApril 2005 my oldest son was born and by June 2005 we finally discovered he was allergic to our cat.  With heavy hearts, we found our beloved cat a new, loving home.  From the time we got him as a kitten in 2000 to June 2005 we were told by Stow-Kent Animal Hospital that our cat had \"Sinus Drainage\" issues.  His eyes were always full of gunk.  They also suggested special care for him since he always seemed sick.  We couldn't figure it out.  When we found him the new home, we told the new lady about all his needs and what we did for them and she fell in love with him as if he had always been her own.  She asked if she could take him to her vet and we agreed that would be fine.  Her vet said that our kitty had Cat Herpes and that there was special meds he had to be on, but unsure if they would work in time since he was undiagnosed for so long.  You see, cat herpes attacks their spinal cord and immune system.  He was deteriorating and we didn't know this!!!  When the new lady asked for our kitty records we gave permission for them to be released and started our kitty on the meds.  He seemed to be getting better but after 2 weeks we had to put him down because of pain and suffering.  I'll spare you the details there.  BUT, when the new lady and us confronted Stow-Kent Animal Hospital about the Cat Herpes, here is what they said word for word, \"We don't treat Cat Herpes.  There was no point in diagnosis.\"\n\nEXCUSE ME?!?!  We treat people with AIDS!  We treat people with Diabetes!  But we can't give a cat a daily pill because it's uncurable?!  GO TO HELL STOW-KENT!!!  Our cat could have had a full, healthy life if we had known it was cat herpes and given him the proper meds.  BEWARE OF STOW-KENT ANIMAL HOSPITAL!!!