I haven't been here for a while and I avoid it at any cost.  I procrastinated registering my car this time and it came time to get off my booty to do something about it.  The DMV is kind of out of my way hence the reason for the procrastination.  My only intention was to hit up the kiosk in the front and be done with this tedious annual event all together.  Two 24 hour kiosk are located outside for convenience.  HOWEVER both kiosks are not in working order.  No signs posted.  Just a few people trying to dodge the sun versus the screen to figure out that the kiosks weren't even on. \n\nSo the journey continues as we walk into this unappealing establishment where no one wants to be.  There is a line from the front desk all the way to the door today.  I've witnessed it being a lot shorter in the past.  We surpass the lines and walk through with our destination unknown searching for another kiosk in working order.   Looking around the big open room I see continued misery on the faces of the people waiting in boredom for their numbers to be called.  I swear almost every seat was occupied.  Thank goodness it wasn't me!\n\nLow and behold there it was with a few people in line.  Yay!  That burst of sunshine just got clouded as the line dissolved right before my eyes. The bi-standers hung their heads low walking off in discouragement and disgust as they probably were procrastinators too with a mission.  I hurry myself to the kiosk and the screen has all kinds of jibber jabber stating that the machine was offline!  Are you serious right now?  Point is how ridiculous to have THREE kiosks not working AT the DMV-not very convenient!\n\nWhat a blow to my get-off-my-ass-procrastination-bubble just now.  POP!!!\n\nAs I decided to procrastinate a little more (I know-good God right?) I make the decision to process my registration online and just wait for it to come in the mail....even though my sticker on my plate is now EXPIRED.  I should be better at these things.  SMH\n\nAfter speaking with a friend she mentioned that she always registers her cars at Albertsons.  Wait What?  Albertsons?  YES!  Though I am going way out of my way one more time to kill my procrastination bleeding it is definitely worth the drive than to get pulled over for expired plates!  There it was ....a new working self service kiosk located right inside the front of the store! Two minutes later I was back in my car headed to the next destination!  Amen!\n\nMoral of the story is: Don't bleed to death of procrastination when clearly there are more convenient ways to not get your hands dirty and not wait for a lousy number to be called!  Who knew?!  \n\nNow we all know!  Check out all the locations available: http:\/\/www.dmvnv.com\/kiosk.htm\n*These kiosks do not accept cash and only provide certain services.  Check the website for more info.\n\n(The Albertsons I visited was 8410 Farm Rd, -Farm and Durango)  Success!