I had the worst experience with Warden Optometry. I booked an appointment with them and came in on a Friday afternoon. The Optometrist did not have a receptionist assisting her that day. I understood she was a bit stressed, but I was the only patient there. She rushed my registration process, autorefractor test, and eye exam like I was interrupting her schedule for her next patient. When she was wiping the autorefractor chin rest with alcohol, she might as well not wipe it because she did not even wipe 80% of the surface. Her next patient came half way into our exam, and she rushed the rest of my exam so she can see her next patient. This was the fastest eye exam I've ever had in my life. \n\nShe proceeded with providing me a contact lens exam\/prescription when I didn't ask for one. When I stopped her and said I didn't want one, or asked her questions on why I was able to get contact lenses without a prescription in the past, she got very defensive. This place overcharges in comparison to others in Markham. They charge $90 for an eye exam and $190 for both the eye exam and contact lens prescription. \n\nIn the end, I decided to get the contact lens prescription because she made me feel incredibly guilty for harming my eyes without a proper exam. She then tried to sell me the Coopervision brand of contacts in her store. I mentioned to her that I'm very comfortable using the Total One's, which is one of the best in the industry right now recommended by multiple practitioners I've spoken to in the past. However, Dr. Liang got defensive again and says it's not a good brand at all, and that the brand she sells is the only one she recommends. Coopervision is really good as well, I've tested it out. But I was surprised that she was so defensive when I mentioned the Total One's I was using and also the fact that she kept on selling me on the contacts. I walked out of her office and she already gave me the bill for the contacts. I had to cancel it because I never confirmed with purchasing it in the first place. \n\nI called them back to confirm the prices for the contacts. The receptionist was impatient with me because I couldn't listen\/understand what she was saying, and kindly asked her to repeat the prices. \n\nI definitely would not recommend anyone to this optometrist. And hope this brings down their score because 4 stars is not a true representation of their services.