Frank and Shirley's is yet another place in my domain (Gotham has Batman, the South Hills have...me. ) that I've passed a million times yet hadn't gotten around to trying until Yelp became my new online addiction. \n\nI had heared that F&S's has top-notch, but breakfast isn't something I'm brave enough to attempt take-out on (my rock and roll schedule is both curse and blessing like rock and roll itself or a vampire bite), so I went with a cheeseburger and fries. \n\nAnd ya know what? This burger is a contender! The patty itself is as sauced as a frat boy on a Southside Saturday night, man, not dry in the least. The lettuce, tomato, and onion were all nicely unwilted, and the bun was squishy like Play Dough, which is a quality I love in any hoagie, hamburger, or hot dog bun because it tells me that the bread is as freshly baked as a pothead. Nice.\n\nI suspect the fries are frozen, though, so one star off for that. Not that they were bad, but I doubt these came from potatoes cut in-house, which are always better, especially when they're fried twice, not once, twice in peanut oil...or lard. Well, maybe lard's asking too much (it's uncommon in these parts).\n\nI had a cut of chocolate cake also. I should have asked if they bring their desserts in or make them on the premises but forgot. Regardless of that, the cake was bakery quality; moist, sweet, with a dark chocolate batter and a lighter chocolate butter cream icing. The gal gave me a nice FAT wedge to boot. From what I could tell, I got the very last slice. For once luck was on my side since this was deadly good chocolate cake, the reason it's often called Devil's Food. \n\nSome other notes on F&S's...\n\n1) It's a nice, quiet, clean little restaurant.\n\n2)They add a 25 cent charge for take-out orders. Maybe it's for the styrofoam containers. I can only guess, but I don't mind a bit. \n\n3) On weekends they're open 24 hours! Yep. From Friday at 5:30am to Sunday at 7:00pm they are open non-stop. Now I have a late-night alternative to Denny's or Eat 'N Park, and you do too! I wish I knew this ten years ago. \n\n4)You can play the lottery here via a drive-in window! How novel. So bring your appetite and that list of numbers that you dreamt. It might ber yer lucky day. \n\nRevolt against chain eateries...if it's not too much trouble of course, and F&S's is right in the city, so you have no excuse.