One of the greatest feats in the City of Entertainment is the comeback. We have all read about musicians and movie stars that have made a Las Vegas comeback. Now it is time to read about a different movie star that has made a comeback. This movie star is a popular movie theater where the Las Vegas Strip meets New Orleans in the Orleans hotel. It is the Century Orleans 18 Movie Theater (shortened to Century Orleans from here on forward). \n\nThe canon of reviews pertaining to the Century Orleans business listing tell a cumulative story about an outdated movie theater complex that was headed on a downward spiral. This was a convenient movie complex for Orleans guests where the sole purpose was to see a movie and grab some grub. By 2012 this was a movie theater providing substandard seats and movie experience. Fast forward to 2017, the reviews including this one speak of a state-of-the-art movie theater complex where the act of seeing the movies is just as enjoyable as the movie. This canon of reviews is a reflection of my personal experiences at the Century Orleans that go all the way back to the year 2000. \n\nWe have stayed at the Orleans at least a half dozen times since 2000. During some of those nights that we were more up to hanging around New Orleans than the Las Vegas Strip, we rode the escalator upstairs to the Century Orleans. Regardless that the movie we saw up the escalator was entertaining, the movie theater experience was ordinary. In the following paragraph you will read about a new and improved Century Orleans movie theater experience. \n\nOn our first night of last weeks staycation at the Orleans we were up to seeing \"American Made.\" Near TGI Fridays we returned to the familiar escalator that delivered us to the Century Orleans. In contrast to previous visits there were noticeable changes. There is assigned seating in place of simply buying a ticket. As expected, the prices had gone up. On a Friday night, one adult ticket cost $11.50. Another change I saw at the entrance were references to the Cenimark brand. \n\nWalking towards the theater, we passed a large snack bar that filled the air with the fragrance of buttery popcorn. On account of the fact that we had filled up downstairs in the Copper Whisk Cafe led us astray from this temptation of munching on popcorn. \n\nBeyond the large snack bar, we stepped inside a state-of-the-art theater. The first thing I noticed was that plush luxurious reclining seats had replaced the cramped rows of auditorium seats. The narrow rows that I recall were gone. In their place were wide rows of stadium seating. In my opinion stadium seating with the plush reclining seats have saved the movie theater business from a downward spiral towards extinction. The seats were extraordinary comfortable. From the moment I pushed the button to recline the seat back, I was hesitant to leave. Even with the 20 minutes of coming attractions. When the movie ended it was hard to get up. As a side note, it is nice to know that if somebody I am with wants to see a movie that I am disinterested in that I can recline the seat back and take a nap. The best thing about the reclining seats is that everybody in the theater has an uninterrupted view of the silver screen. Thanks to stadium seating, the individual that would have been in front of you is practically below you now. \n\nWhen the lights dimmed and the action came on the screen, it was an academy winning movie theater experience. The images on the screen were crystal clear. The crystal clear imagery with the state of the art surround sound elevated the movie experience to a whole new level. During the action scenes of \"American Made\" I felt that Tom Cruise was right here flying the airplane above me. \n\nThe movie theater industry has reversed a downward spiral towards extinction. Century Orleans is one of several movie theaters that have gotten their acts together. Century Orleans is now a movie theater complex where the experience of seeing the movie is just as entertaining as the movie itself.