I saw this on yelp and happened to drive by the store a few times.  I've been having problems with my left foot and a regular pedicure couldn't take care of.  I decided to give this place a call and schedule an appointment. I was a little worried because when I made the appointment the lady didn't take my name or number and we were on the phone maybe a total of 20 seconds.  I was a little baffled but I was still going to go to check it out.  \n\nWhen I go there I was thinking that the store was a little small but it was my first time going to a reflexology place so I didn't know to expect.  My appointment was at 2:30 and they were running about 10 minutes behind.  I wanted an hour appointment and I needed to be somewhere at the end of the hour.  So when I was finally up I just told the lady that I could only do 30 minutes since it was past the time.  I was escorted to massage bed which is motorized and my therapist brought out a tub of water for my feet to soak.  After soaking she came out and cleaned my feet and starred the massage.  The massage was very extensive.  They cover you with towels and cover your eyes as well.  There is relaxing music playing in the background as well that puts you at ease.  I just asked her to massage my feet and she went above and beyond and massaged my legs, calves, shoulders, chest, and hamstrings.  It was unbelievable.  \n\nThis place has put my other past massage therapist to shame.....in 30 minutes of work.  When I left the store it felt like I was walking on air and I felt like a new person.  I honestly felt cheated that I didn't get my hour.  At the end It was only 15.00 dollars.  Uh..no way. ....... I paid her 25.00!  Th service was beyond excellent!  I was reading another review and another yelper stated don't expect anything fancy and he is right when it comes to the decor but the service makes up for it.  This place is a hidden gem no doubt!  Im planning on going back tomorrow.\n\nLast not.....they do have a rewards program to where your 10 massage is free.  Definitely take advantage of it or don't forget to ask about it just in case they fail to mention it.