I very much wanted to give this iconic restaurant a 5 star review.  After all, Spago is one of those restaurants where the reputation precedes itself.  \n\nMy husband and I dined at Spago for our anniversary dinner.  We made reservations in advance and requested an outdoor table.  This is an absolute must!  The restaurant almost sits on the pool of water that houses the famous Bellagio fountains. So if you're sitting outside, you will have front row seats to the fountain show.  \n\nThe staff is friendly, the restaurant is romantic, and it sure has one of the best dining views on the Vegas strip. So why the 3 stars? \n\nThe food.\n\nThe food was underwhelming to say the least. It is to the point where I am wondering if I just ordered all of the wrong things. I'm willing to go back and try something different, but for now, I stand by my rating.\n\nThe Smoked Salmon Pizza: In pictures and in my mind, it looks and sounds amazing. But for almost $40, it's a pizza, with smoked salmon and salmon eggs on it.  Yes, the pizza dough is baked to perfection.  Yes, the smoked salmon is delicious.  Great ingredients, but would I get it again? Probably not.  \n\nPorcini Mushroom Agnolotti: The sauce on this pasta dish tasted amazing, but upon biting into the Agnolotti (mini raviolis), the filling was WAY too salty. Did they salt it twice? Maybe they were in a hurry and made a mistake? After all, our dish came out more than 45 minutes after we placed the order. \n\nVeal \"Weiner Schnitzel\": Okay, that might be my fault for ordering something like that here. But there were so many pictures of it on Yelp and it looked delicious.  Again, underwhelming. \n\nOur waiter was kind enough to bring out some desserts as compensation for meal that took 2 hours to complete (for 3 dishes).  We ordered the chocolate souffle and the tray of 'cookies.' Desserts were probably the best part of our meal.  \n\nIn summary, this restaurant has great ambience and is perfect for a special night, however, don't go with high expectations for the food.  Although the quality of the ingredients are excellent, there's nothing that I ordered that I would want to try again. I left feeling like I paid for the atmosphere more so than the food itself.