And the hate keeps on coming!  I just reviewed Carnevino and saw the bs negative attitude. It's pricey and pretentious they say.  Yes and yes. But still delicious and worth it if you can afford it. Giada is no different.  \n\nThere are simply some restaurants in Vegas that are in different categories of price levels and we need to understand that. You take a restaurant like Giada, which is quite expensive but easily accessible to anyone who wants to get in. Compare that to Robuchon which is uber expensive and impossible to walk in without a reservation months in advance. Yet there isnt a single person reviewing Robuchon and saying oh wow it was pricey even though its 500 a person. There's a reason for that and it's that the kinds of people who take the time to go to Robuchon have never thought price points were a relevant criticism. And if the food is good enough, as it is at Giada, neither do I. \n\nThe menu items have in some ways changed a lot since I was there as a few things I ordered are no longer on the menu but I will address them anyways.\n\n-Mussels. Not the same as they are on the menu now but very delicious and cooked perfectly. Very natural flavors.\n\n-Prosciutto crostini. Not on the menu anymore and the weakest part of the meal. Pesto a little bland but the prosciutto made up for it\n\n-Pea Soup. Also not on the menu but OMG this was amazing and the best part of the meal. It's similar to the butternut squash puree on the menu now. Had a lot of ingredients including crispy prosciutto but it was a mind blowing cold soup.\n\n-Bucatini. Awesome. A truly fresh and light pomodoro pasta.\n\n-Pappardelle. Oh god it was so good. The pork ragout was nuts.\n\n-Surf & Turf. This was honestly a bit of a shocker because I wasnt expecting a filet to be top tier at an Italian restaurant but it really was. A great filet and the surf, I think it was lobster then but now it's shrimp, was delicious and buttery.\n\nThere's just no defense of a 3.5 average review of this place. Complaining that the pasta side dish is 30 dollars just doesn't cut it for me. I get for some that's a deal breaker and ultimately that is the problem. The pasta section doesnt say side dish or appetizer it just says pasta. I can see plenty of orangoutangs getting drunk in the casino, walking in, ordering a 30 dollar pasta dish and getting drunk angry when they realize it's a side dish meant for sharing. Maybe the waiting staff could do a better job conveying this to its customers or you could just recognize that there's a reason why there's 'mains' section and a 'pasta' section. The implication being that the PASTAS ARE NOT MAINS.\n\nIt is so good. Don't listen to the haters and just go. Don't let your wallet ruin a perfectly wonderful dining experience.