For those that read my last review on Rio buffet knows that I was in Vegas last week.  So while driving around town in Vegas I've passed by and noticed a huge \"Cane's\" sign.  Not sure what that was so the moment I got back to the room, I've decided to look them up.  There I realized that it's not \"Cane's\", but Raising Cane's Chicken Finger Restaurant.  So being a curious foodie that I am... I had to make a point to check them out before I'm heading back to good ol LA.\n\nMy initial reaction... chicken finger restaurant?  What the?  I really got to go see it.  Upon my arrival (10:50am), There were like 3 people getting some food in front of me.  The location is right on Flamingo and near Maryland Pkwy which you can't miss, and it's super clean!  (Sorry for the sidetrack but I'll focus now!)\n\nSo the interior was squeaky clean to me!  Perhaps it was early in the day but it definitely smelled really good, super clean, very pleasant.  So now I'm approaching the counter.\n\nThe clerk was extremely courteous!  Very nice touch because I'm a sucker for service!  I told her that this is my first time here and that I'm from LA, and she gave me a good quick run down on the business history and what they offer...  I'm sure they were part of the procedure but nevertheless it's interesting to hear.\n\nVery simply menu... it's pretty much 3 pcs of chicken with toast, fries, cole slaw and sauce, the 4 pcs version, or the Caniac (6 pcs version which was their large combo)  Having people in my party I had to get the 6 pcs with 2 sauces...\n\nHere's how the food tasted...  Chicken finger was great!  Solid chicken pieces, freshly prepared, but to me it was slightly small that I would have liked for the price (which I'll get to in a minute).  Crinkle fries were pretty good... (I don't complain much about fries as they are my favorite, but I don't like steak fries too much because it's like eating an entire potato)  Cane sauce was decent, it was pretty much a hybrid of mayo based sauce mixed in with chili of some sort.. not too salty which is great with a little kick to it.  Texas toast was a thick piece of loaf with very little garlic butter on it, and the cole slaw was a cole slaw... nothing out of the ordinary and mediocre at it's best.  It also came with a drink though... (They got southern sweet tea which was pretty sweet!  LOL!) \n\nThe total of my meal came out be just under $9... it's little steep for me but the experience was very positive.  Again the chicken tender pieces could of been either bigger, or they could have substituted for more pieces considering that we are paying $9 bucks, but I have to say the quality of the chicken was very good and will definitely visit them again in the near future when I go back to Vegas.\n\nSo the history was about a guy writing a business plan on opening a chicken finger only restaurant, but was shot down by his professors, countless bankers, and eventually, worked hard a a day job and saved enough money so he can make his dream come true... Very inspiring if you ask me!  So maybe this review may not be as funny as others, but do remember that as long as you put your heart in doing what you love to do, work hard and not give up, you will eventually be rewarded!