Full review in blog.\n\nBrowsing the menu there were in excess of ten sandwiches I wanted to try and a quick glance at the dessert menu let me know I'd have to save room.  Watching coverage of The Masters and listening to the 60's\/70's\/80's era music over the stereo we were soon greeted by a young lady named Sophia who would serve as our waitress - and the waitress for nearly half of the busting-at-the-seems-busy restaurant.  Aside from being ridiculously cute and friendly, Sophia was also potentially the best waitress I've ever seen at a busy casual joint - full of information, checking in frequently, drinks never dropping below 1\/3 empty, and always with a smile on her face.\n\nApproximately 45 minutes after we were seated our sandwiches arrived - and they were as big, bold, and beautiful as advertised.  Served alongside each of the sandwiches were excellent dill pickles, hand-cut fries - crisp on the outside, densely potato within, and lightly salted, and \"sweet slaw.\" \n\nBeginning first with my Aunt, her selection was entitled Porky Cheese and it featured Honey ham, Crisp bacon, and Swiss cheese.  Featuring hefty slices of white bread, well buttered and grilled perfectly, surrounding a sweet yet savory amalgam of ham, Swiss, and salty bacon I must say it was more nuanced than it reads.  With the bacon adding some crunch and the creaminess of the Swiss balancing the ham the overall effect was almost akin to a croque monsieur though not quite as refined.  With that said, a very serviceable and delicious sandwich.\n \nFor my mother's selection she apparently felt so fondly about her first experience at Melt that she ordered the same thing again - but this time she got it deep fried.  Entitled PB and Banana the sandwich featured the same hefty white bread as my Aunt's, but this time was slathered with fresh made peanut butter and sweetened cream cheese served alongside a cup of mixed berry preserves.  \"Mmmmm-ing\" from her first bite I must say it would be hard to say she made the wrong choice - even if I am all about trying new things - as the sandwich was glorious.  With the bread first griddle fried and then dunked in a tempura-esque batter before a quick dunk in the deep frier the sandwich came out piping hot with ripe bananas, liquid peanut butter and mascarpone-sweet cream cheese filling every bite.  Tasty on its own and only improved by a dunk in the delectable fruit puree of raspberry\/strawberry\/blackberry the crisp bread married perfectly with the creamy interior forming a nut butter sandwich only rivaled by Keller's Cashew Butter and Apricot Compote on Brioche at Bouchon.\n \nFor my selection at Melt I went with the monthly special - the Corny Beast.  Opting for the vegetarian version as I don't eat beef my plate contained two enormous cornbread battered and deep fried \"sandwich halves\" with a wooden stick in each.  Contained in the beautiful golden shell was griddled white bread sandwiched around a well charred and excellently textured vegan corndog split and surrounded by double American Cheese - cheese so densely packed that it was leaking out of the batter.  Without a doubt this is the best thing one can do with a hotdog and aside from the fact that the cheese was wonderful, the cornbread was even better.  Served with a Chipotle Ketchup that was not really needed but certainly added another level to the \"sandwich\" the entire effect was smoky yet savory, crunchy yet creamy.  While this dish may be only available for a limited time if I were Melt I'd keep that cornbread batter around for appetizers and more sandwiches in the future.\n \nHaving skipped breakfast there was certainly room for dessert. With bread pudding ranking as my very favorite way to finish a meal I went with their dessert special of the day - Fudge Brownie Caramel Pecan Bread Pudding with Vanilla Ice Cream. Featuring a thick and fudgy brownie as the base\/crust the dish was topped with a well saturated slab of warm and buttery bread pudding laced with ribbons of caramel and fudge and crunchy pecans adding texture.  With two large Chocolate Goldfishes and whipped cream alongside the steaming hot dish was topped with a scoop of creamy ice cream and drizzles of fudge.  Rich, hearty, large, and whimsical I very much liked the dish and although it was not as refined as many of my favorite bread puddings in the past the flavor and balance was excellent.\n\nHaving dined at many of the best restaurants in the United States as well as many of the most famous houses of kitschy yet delectable food I can absolutely recommend Melt as a MUST visit for anyone visiting Cleveland.  As one would expect from their cult local following and expanding empire Melt does it right - from food to service to setting.  On their website Melt's owner and chef Matt Fish states that he wanted the restaurant to feel like family, but also wanted eating there to feel like an event - I'd say he succeeded on both counts.