E2 has been on my brunch hit list for a long time, and I finally made it over the Sat. before last.  The occasion was that some friends decided to get together with me one last time before I leave PGH for good.  Having called ahead of time to check, I knew that they weren't too busy, so I suggested that we head over to try it, and they assented.\n\nAfter a 15 min. wait during which we enjoying complimentary hot beverages and checked out the bakery next door, we were seated out front.  Having read the previous reviews, I knew that the donuts were popular and mentioned this to my friends.  We ordered the berry white donuts to share ($6), which are powdered donut holes topped with a berry compote.  They were absolutely delicious, and were most definitely the highlight of the meal!  The donuts were of the cake variety and were rather dense, and the compote was a nice consistency--not too thick or thin, but just right, made from real fruit and its juices.\n\nFor our entrees, one of my friends ordered the biscuit and gravy ($12), whereas my other friend and I both ordered the breakfast flatbread with bacon ($13).  The flatbread resembled a sauceless pizza and was topped with eggs, ricotta cheese, mixed greens, and small pieces of thick cut bacon.  The flavors, which were surprisingly muted, were enhanced by the addition of arrabbiata sauce served on the side, which had a bright tomato flavor enhanced by a slight kick of heat.  Initially, my friend was a bit surprised by the non-traditional nature of the biscuit and gravy, which resembled chili in texture and flavor.  He quickly warmed up to it, however, and enjoyed it, despite that it wasn't exactly what he had in mind when he ordered it.\n\nE2 is a small restaurant, so it was nice to be able to take advantage of the pleasant weather to brunch al fresco.  As others have mentioned, it's BYOB, but we weren't able to take advantage of this policy because my friends were driving.  Overall, it was definitely an enjoyable brunch, and if I were staying in PGH, I'd definitely return to try some more of their delicious entrees--and donuts!