I went in with very low expectations.  Knowing the other reviews, one would ask why I decided to come to Tom's Diner.  The answer, they have hot roast beef sandwiches and my friend really wanted a good one badly.  Not a lot of people order this entree so there was the possibility that it would be good.  That being said, we entered into the contrived, 1950's ambiance and made our way to one of the booths on the side metal wall.  It did take a bit for our waitress to finally notice us, but she brought the menus as soon as she stopped talking to the other servers and cooks in the rear.  We ordered our cokes and as she left to get the drinks we looked over the menus, intent on having our order ready by the time she came back with our drinks.  When she arrived we placed our order for the following:\n\nItalian Wedding Soup\nHot roast beef with fries\nBuffalo Chicken strips {hot}\nLarge gyro with no lettuce and sauce on the side.\n\nThe last two items were both entrees and I ordered both for myself since I figured one of them would be good and one of them might not be so good.  I love both gyros and buffalo chicken strips and I tend to be very forgiving of issues in their preparation because of how much I love them.  \n\nThe service so far had been very slow.  The arrival of the soup did nothing to reverse my thought on this issue.  The Italian Wedding Soup was not the worst I had ever tried, but it definitely wasn't the best.  It lacked flavor that you expect in an Italian Wedding -- one could get the same flavor from a packet of chicken broth.  My chicken strips arrived to the table and I immediately went for them.  \n\nThe strips smelled good and looked good -- not too wet, not too dry.  I tried some of the blue cheese -- not so good, I would stay away from this dressing.  I took a bit of a chicken strip and it wasn't bad; it was made from dry, white meat and it wasn't hot.  Maybe Pittsburgh hot, but it was between mild and medium (closer to mild) at best for the rest for me -- remember, it takes a serrano pepper for me to feel a tingle. I wasn't displeased with the strips, but I had definitely had better.  \n\nThe gyro and the hot roast beef sandwich arrived.  I was happy to have what appeared to be some good looking food.  The issue is that all of the food had looked good so far, while the actual flavor had been underwhelming.  As is my norm, I tried the separate parts first to see what kind of flavor each had.  Trying the gyro sauce, I can honestly say that it wasn't traditional.  The sauce was just ranch.  I really don't care for ranch.  I tried some of the meat and the pita; the meat was under-seasoned and the pita was hard on the outside and chewy on the inside (not good chewy, either).  \n\nI moved on to the open-faced roast beef sandwich.  It didn't taste bad, but like the wedding soup it also didn't taste good.  I went back to my gyro and finished it with ranch strategically placed.  Throughout the entire ordeal of tasting the food, my cup went dry.  And it stayed dry -- for a long time.  I eventually had to ask one of the other servers in the restaurant since my server was ignoring my flailing arms in the rear of the restaurant.  \n\nAs bad as the gyro was, I can honestly say it wasn't the worst that I had ever tried -- Stoupsy's in Miami holds that special place in my heart.  Overall it was a lackluster experience that I really don't want to repeat.  I might return if someone really wants to go.  If I do go back, I would just get the buffalo chicken strips appetizer.