I stopped in with CM on Tues. for some beverages and conversation.  We originally came by at 7:30pm hoping to try one of the breakfast sandwiches, since CM was hungry and I'd read good things about them from other reviews.  The barista apologetically informed us that they turn off the oven at 7pm (apparently, it takes a long time to cool down), and suggested Carson St. Deli a couple blocks down as an alternative.  We followed his advice, and then returned at around 8 to have the drinks we'd originally been planning on getting at Delanie's.\n\nSince I hadn't had dessert, I had to try the turtle latte ($4.50).  Rather than being a true latte, this drink is a milkshake-like drink with chocolate and caramel syrups, as well as real peanut butter, smoothie powder, and some espresso.  It's served cold, rather than hot, which the barista explained is because the peanut butter won't incorporate into the drink otherwise.  Although the drink involves sweet ingredients, it isn't overly sugary due to the espresso and lack of ice cream--it's what you might call a well-balanced dessert-y drink.  In terms of consistency, it's thicker than a frozen coffee, but not as thick as a milkshake.  If you're looking for a milkshake alternative, or something like an iced coffee but sweeter, I'd highly recommend trying it!\n\nRather than going with his preferred coffee shop drink, a cafe au lait, CM decided to break the mold and try an espresso con panna ($1.50).  This is a standard espresso shot topped with fresh whipped cream (not the commercial stuff from a can).  CM was quite pleased with this drink.  Even though I normally shy away from straight espresso shots due to their bitterness, which I'm sensitive to, I tried a sip, and was favorably impressed.  The whipped cream helped cut the espresso, giving it a pleasant fluffy texture as well as a nice flavor balance, making for a unique drink.\n\nService from the barista was incredibly friendly and helpful (thanks for recommending the deli!), and quite efficient as well.  The ambiance is very appropriate for a coffee shop, with art from local artists hanging on walls of exposed brick.  We sat up in the upstairs loft, which provided a great view, but also felt self-contained and cozy.  Overall, we were very pleased with our experience at Delanie's, despite the unavailability of the breakfast sandwiches which we'd hoped to try (we'll have to return another time to try them!)  In my view, Delanie's is definitely the best establishment of AMPD Group, which also owns several restaurants and bars around town, including Local Bar + Kitchen, Ten Penny, and Steel Cactus.  If you happen to be on the South Side, check it out--you won't be disappointed!  4.5 stars.