My mom and I each went for a reading this past Saturday.  I feel really disappointed by this \"reading.\"  The entire time, I wondered how all the reviews could have been so good while our experience was so bizarre and hard to follow.  The most authentic pieces were probably when she was talking about herself, and even there, something was not quite right.  I found out later, after getting an email from the psychic, that she offers $5 per good review you write her on yelp and other sites.  No wonder she had so many review, and they were so glowing despite the iffy experience.  Alas, here's how it went...\n\nNone of the questions I asked got any kind of logical answer.  First, the \"what's on top\" thing: She told me I wasn't inclined toward a major element of my career path that's my deepest passion.  She told me I should go into a career whose venue doesn't fit with my lifestyle or interests.  When I asked about a big life decision regarding moving to another state, she answered not with intuitive or psychic comment, but with standard pragmatic & logical planning ideas that any adult would have.  Other questions were met with nonsensical answers.  She gave me a generic worksheet on manifesting and self confidence and explained that as well.\n\nMy mother asked some questions about what's in her path as a retiree.  (Just FYI, mom has 3 graduate degrees and a clinical licensure) She was asking about keeping intellectually stimulated and the psychic started describing the benefits of driving for Uber\/Lift and the process of looking for work.  It was like a vocational counseling session without any proverbial meat.\n\nThen my mom asked about if any relatives were coming through who had passed.  She asked for the names and relationships of several late relatives.  First my mom's grandma.  Psychic didn't get that one right at all, thought great grandma was British.  Then her parents.  Her father was described as playing with children on the floor: there were no children for him to be on the floor with in the 25 years before he died, and even then, he wasn't that guy. Her mother was described as being my guardian angel, which is nice to say, but came with a bunch of characterizations which were way off.  Then she said some guy named Bob was coming through.  Most people have a relative named Bob I guess, but we don't.\n\nI only go into so much detail because I feel like whenever I leave a one or two star review, especially when most other reviews are 5 star, I should explain why.