Please read: It's tempting to want to live here, the rent is okay for Southern Highlands, but that's about all. The Fairways claims to be a \"luxury\" property, that might have been true 15 years ago, but not so much today. The grounds are kept up nicely, but the apartments themselves not so much. Proper maintenance is lacking BIG time. Upon moving into our apartment, I noted a long list of issues. But lets start with my washer and dryer and how it took multiple maintenance req. and 3 face-to-face with property management to get it fixed. My washer stop working mid cycle, it wouldn't drain and my dryer was taking 2 hours to dry a small load. It took 3 weeks for maintenance to show up and fix it, 3 weeks of dirty water that turned rancid and made my apartment smell like a sewer, 3 weeks of not having any clean clothes. Utterly ridiculous. \nNow onto a seemingly never ending list of maintenance issues: missing 2 screens (and still are), 2 burners on our stove do not heat up, tracks for the closet doors not secured, busted tray in fridge, poorly patched holes and some holes just left un-patched (I don't know what is worse) Super sloppy paint job (hairs and bristles from paint brushes left to dry in the paint). Bathtub surround has water damage and horrible patch job. Dents in front door, chipped stucco, lose baseboards, and broken cabinet hinges, and the cabinetry around our window seat  was completely separated from the wall. I have taken on the responsibility to fix the issues myself, it's not worth waiting 6 months for a repair, then another 3 months for another fix. It's hard to relax and call a place home, when it's constantly falling apart. \nThe apartments are noisy too. It could also benefit from modern technology, such as keyless entry into the pool areas, everything has to be keyed to get in, & a lot of the times it takes minutes of frustration before opening a locked gate. This could be a prime property, but it has a lot to overcome. Can't wait till my lease it up!!