Granted I didn't birth a child here per se (not unlike my Toronto colleague) but I was hands-on throughout my fiancee's pregnancy, labour and delivery, so I feel like I have a leg to stand on here in writing them a glowing review.\n\nI knew I wanted to review MSH from the moment we found out we were having a baby. There really isn't a single thing that this hospital does wrong especially when it comes to L&D. \n\nWe were referred to Dr Lindsay Shirref as our OBGYN by my fiancees GP and we connected with her right away. I'd read that she's a newer doctor (she's younger than a lot of the other OBs in the system) but don't let that turn you off. She was honestly the best. She takes patients on Wednesdays and she's nearly always fully booked so if you go to see her don't be alarmed when you see more of her receptionist and the nurses then you do of her. For most of your appointments, it's a quick check on how baby is doing and you're out. \n\nWe had a couple of stressful experiences over the course of our pregnancy that Dr. Shirref really handled like a pro and really earned her place in our hearts. The worst one was when we'd been for 2 consecutive appointments and her staff hadn't been able to detect a heartbeat. We were worried, but rather than simply give us an order for an Ultrasound appointment Dr. S walked across the building herself and pushed us to the front of the queue. This was a huge relief for us we were seen right away, despite the crazy line up. And thankfully all was A-OK!\n\nThe later into our pregnancy we got the more time I noticed Dr. Shirref spent with us, answering questions, taking time to ensure that we were both at ease and always ensuring us that this or that was \"totally normal\" and she was \"very happy with what she was seeing\". As a lot of new parents can attest to, sometimes you just need to be reassured on a regular basis that everything is OK.\n\nWe paid to take the prenatal classes through MSH, they tell you to make sure you take it between week 32-36 weeks, however, make sure you REGISTER for these classes LONG before that as we waited until closer to 32 weeks and by that time everything was nearly booked so we didn't get an optimal class scheduled (two consecutive Saturdays). It's pricey but I felt well informed and prepared (as well as can be) following completing these classes. \n\nOn to Delivery day!\nWow. What an experience. Having a daughter aside, the level of care we received from admission to discharge was unmatched. I won't go into every detail of our L&D experience but a couple of important points for any parents considered what hospital to go with for their pregnancy.\n\n1. unlike many other hospitals, MSH has a dedicated Anesthesiologist (and residents) on hand JUST for L&D. Many hospitals have one shared by all departments of the hospital so when the time comes that you decide you want that hallowed epidural if the Anesthesiologist is elsewhere... you're doing your childbirth \"au natural\".\n\n2. You get a 5-star suite to deliver your baby in. Which is complete with pretty much anything you might want from stability balls to oversized inflatable device between your legs, to stability bar for your bed to even a tub\n\n3. You get a dedicated nurse at all times. Not a shared nurse, from admission you had a nurse assigned to you until the baby is born.\n\nThere are literally a thousand great things and conveniences that go along with giving birth at MSH, but with the good comes to bad, and the bad here isn't even all that bad but enough to put down and worth noting for others.\n\n1. Don't expect your ultrasounds to be magical. We had several and there was one lady there who gave the appearance of hating pregnant ladies, wouldn't answer in more than one word and was super cold. I spoke to other parents and apparenty there are a couple of staff that are \"real gems\" and really take the wind out of your excited sails.\n\n2. During our attempt to discharge from the hospital with baby one of the nurses, the same who had led our discharge class, was really short, snippy and rude when we were asking clarifying questions regarding our car seat. Inferring that we weren't listening or that \"it was covered in class so you should know it\". I'm sorry my fiancee and I are new to this, so have some empathy, I know you repeat the same instructions day in day out but we're first-timers at this and a little patience would have great.\n\n3. More of a \"First world problem\" but the postpartum room was a semi-private and we had requested a private but that wasn't available, the downside of this is you're now contending with another person's baby, both of their sleep schedules and their visitors.\n\nDon't let my very minor grievances at the end turn you off, the overall experience was amazing, and we'd gladly do it all again here.\n\nThank you to everyone who touched our lives over the last 40 weeks!