Ok so most of these reviews below are FAKE! You can tell which ones are obviously done by someone at Lcore to flood out the many many bad reviews all over the internet! I wish I could warn every single one of the poor people that get duped into buying this product by the high pressure sales people and the self-esteem blows they throw at you. So I was at planet hollywood and just standing around waiting for my car when the man asked me to sample their gold cream. I didn't mind trying it since it was another 30 min before my car would be pulled up so I decided to try it. So he put it on and it seemed like it lifted my eye bags a little. My boyfriend was standing just outside the store on his phone. So the sales guy kept on pressuring me to get him to come over and look at the results. I was trying to be polite and I just said he wasn't really interested in this kind of stuff but he kept on pushing so I finally went over to my boyfriend and showed him and he was pretty much like yeah whatever you look good blah blah. ok so i go back to do my other eye so they looked even but the sales guy is still stuck on my boyfriend and trying to convince me to get him to buy it for me. Then the whopper.. $300 only for me today. Not tomorrow.. I had to buy it then and there. I said I would come back tomorrow (still just being polite) and he wasn't having it.. ok so now he actually goes to my boyfriend and brings him into the store and makes him look at the difference and my bf says mm hmm she looks good.. and then he leaves as fast as possible. Them the guy goes back to asking me to get him to buy the product for me and I said that he probably might after the trip but not today (still trying to be polite). Then he starts telling me that if he had a girlfriend and he really loved her, he wouldn't think twice about it and kept on insulting my boyfriend... which I was thinking in my head \"MAYBE IF I WANTED THIS PRODUCT HE WOULD!\" lol. ok so fast forward. the next day- woke up with the area under my eyes burned and peeling!!! ON MY VACATION! BEWARE BEWARE BEWARE!!!!!!!!