I was excited to finally check this place out last weekend!  But, whoa, what a nightmare of an experience.  I mean, look, based on this one experience (for me, two in my party had been here previously and thought it was okay) this experience as a whole absolutely deserves one star.  I guess I'm feeling generous, and assume this place is usually decent.\n\nWe sat outside, and the staff member mentioned she was training the person next to her.  That's fine, nothing unusual.  Everyone ordered, with my order being a simple Chicken & a Donut.  When our food arrived, they brought me the wrong item, a plate lacking any chicken or donut.  Whoops, sorry, we'll try that again.\n\nFinally my correct order arrived, by which time everyone else was pretty much done eating.  And...the chicken was clearly not cooked through, as pink rawness was very visible on the plate.  This wasn't me being picky, everyone looked at the plate and new immediately something wan't quite right, including the two employees.  When I pointed to the uncooked chicken, the veteran server immediately reacted in an \"Oh, damn!\" sort of way, and quickly whisked it away.  More apologies, give us another chance.  Wait, didn't I order something pretty simple, like a fried piece of chicken...and....a donut??\n\nWhen finally my correct order came out and no longer contained raw chicken\/food poisoning, I was happy.  Yay, food that won't make me sick.  But gosh flipping damnit, the food wasn't that good!  The chicken was now overcooked and rather bland, and the donut was blah.  And there was a flip-ton of syrup on the plate, which was overkill with the sweetness.  So much sugar! Blah, meh, get me the hell out of here.  Everyone else got shrug of the shoulder \"it was fine\" food, but nothing that was getting raves.\n\nThe server and trainee were both apologetic and offered free drinks, to comp my meal and give coupons.  I said I'd take coupons, expecting Food Fight coupons.  I got expired coupons for Bassett Street Brunch Club, not Food Fight coupons - which was a bummer since I don't want to return to this place ever again.  There are a few Food Fight establishments that are decent, so given that BSBC sells Food Fight gift cards, I expected a simple request for Food Fight vouchers of some sort wasn't too much to ask.\n\nThis is the point in which typically a manager would walk out and say, \"Oh, hey, sorry for this horrible flipping experience, and gosh we are sorry for that food poising attempt, but by no means can we possibly charge your party anything.  Please let me get you all another drink, and don't worry about paying us a dime.\"  And that manager\/owner\/not-trainee would be smiling really big, and going out of there way to make sure all ended well.  I got coupons that say they expired on January 1, 2015.  Oh ignore that, we'll honor them next time.  Hm, er, okay.\n\nThese expired $5 Bassett Street Brunch Club coupons aren't going to be used by me.  And I'm certainly not sending anyone else in their direction.  So thanks, Food Fight, for a terrible experience and expired coupons, but..no thanks.