I came across this place using Yelp and trying to find a place to eat while at my sister in law's house near Major Mack and Weston road.\n\nThe ratings were very good and while I haven't eaten every where in the area I've had quite a bit that aren't chains which the area sadly has an abundance of all around.\n\nI was familiar with the mall being that the cheese place is in there too.  When we arrived we were the only customers.  I had placed an order for 2 mixed shawarma (beef and chicken) platters and they plated the food right in front of us asking us what veggies we'd like and whether we would like rice or couscous.  \n\nThe plates were put together and one of the ladies behind the counter asked us if we'd like bread.  I wasn't really sure if I had wanted it or not but then she said it was fresh pita and I said yes.  The pita came on a huge long platter that was almost 2 feet long.  The bread was toasted but if I could open it up and flatten it I swear it would probably be the size of a medium pizza, the diameter well over a foot long.\n\nThe plate was not only very generous in portions but the food was excellent.  I like the option of having both beef and chicken on a very generous serving platter (enough for 2 meals) for 13 dollars!  My wife ate as much as she could but left about half the plate.  I ate all I could and I ended up leaving about 1\/4.  \n\nThe salad consisted red cabbage, green cabbage slaw, tomato and parsley, and turnips as we were able to choose which veggies we wanted on the side.  The meat was plentiful and not dry, both the beef and chicken.  I had asked for the rice while my wife had the couscous and I tried both and both were both very good.  \n\nThe freshness, portions and overall quality of the food served at Zagros was in my opinion very good and I can see ourselves coming back here for more of the menu.  They have a pretty good variety from other meat dishes with choices like lamb chops, adana kebab, chicken shish, and more.  \n\nI was pretty impressed with both the menu and the quality of Zagros.