It only takes one, very negative experience to write an entire chain off, certainly this particular location.  \nThe scenario: my house had JUST burned down.  When I say burned down, I mean done, toast, goner.  \nSo, I am not in a normal state of mind, to say the least.  There is a lot of intense emotion going on inside of you when considering the things that are lost that are completely irreplaceable.  \nIt was the middle of a very hot summer, we checked in.  One of the few things that I had managed to salvage out of my house was my desk top computer, which I brought into the room with me.  \nIt smelled like smoke.  Not cigarette smoke, though, fire smoke.  Everything we HAD smelled like smoke, which wasn't much.  \nAnyway, I left my boys - teenagers - in the room while I went about beginning to pick up the pieces of my life and get things moving.  Can't stay at a hotel forever.  I was gone maybe half the day.  When I arrived back, the boys informed me that management had come into the room, demanding to find out whether anyone had been smoking in there.  \nNow, mind you, they didn't knock on the door and ask to enter, they opened the door with their own key without any notice whatsoever and barged into the room, apparently thinking they were going to find someone smoking cigarettes in there!!\nIn reality, the smell was very feint and it certainly wasn't going to permeate the walls.  Regardless, it is pretty unreasonable, IMO, for management of a hotel to simply open a door without notice because they suspect something is going on in there.  I would also state that it might be kind of dangerous for them to do such a thing if they open the door with the \"wrong\" kind of person occupying the room.  That isn't me, I wasn't going to get violent, but I did get mad at them about it.\n  \nAs I said before, I was already emotionally charged, finding out they had entered without even knocking on the door got me pretty mad, pretty quick, especially since I had informed the front desk upon checking in that yes, our house had burned down, perhaps there might be some smoke smell coming from us, we apologize.  \nThe manager of the hotel eventually showed up - who DID eventually apologize - but it was too late.  It was inexcusable that they thought they could just go barging into a hotel room because they were \"suspicious\".  We left that motel and no, I will never go back.