For the record. I think Toby's is the worst. The pits, Bush-league, crummy, miserly, kids day at the Ex. If you have any standards, this place is going piss you off and it takes all my will power to not run screaming from this bar whenever I happen to visit it.\n\nI subjected myself to Toby's for so long due to it being my boyfriends 'home-bar'. It's a 2 minute walk from his apartment, he has a soft spot for the owner Moe, AND we're big leaf fans, so we had A LOT of game dates here.\n\nThe Good: This place gets a star for the servers, 99% of them are really cool chicks that have a great sense of humour.\n\nAnother star goes to their wings. Which are basically the ONLY thing they do right here. They do the classic sauce style in mild medium or hot and golly are their wings saliva inducing; the right amount of crispy and saucy. Saturday you get them for half price so that's always a treat for Hockey Night in Canada :D\n\nThe Bad: The rest of their food is pretty scary and VOM inducing. I had their git fit burger (no bun) and the patty was practically a charcoal. It was also TOTALLY flavourless and unseasoned. Suck city. I also had their butter chicken a couple times and although it wasn't totally terrible, every single time I had it, they left a HUGE dollop of unmixed curry paste at the bottom of the bowl which just ruined the meal. MIX YO DAMN PASTE.\n\nThe Worst: Some people think their cheap beer and $10 pitchers are in the plus category, but if you actually enjoy the taste of beer...don't buy the drafts, stick with the bottles. I think the secret to their cheap beer on tap is that almost all of it is SWILL. No matter if you order Canadian, Pabst, or the higher end stuff like Sapporo it all practically tastes the same with very subtle differences. If you're a experienced beer drinker, you can tell that every beer has unique characteristics and flavor profiles. NOT AT TOBY'S YA'LL - they probably throw it into a large vat all together at the end of the day and sell it the next day as both domestic and premium draft. The only thing I know that they don't mix is the Labatt 50 because it still tastes like suicide. I KNOW YOUR SECRET TOBY'S AND I'M TELLING EVERYONE.\n\nFun fact! My very sweet and down to earth boyfriend once got bottled here while trying to diffuse a fight situation. Some tweaked out college kid thought it would be best to show off to his buddies in the most absurd way possible. Their group ended up getting kicked out, and Moe offered free beer to my boyfriend hoping he wouldn't sue.\n\nIn conclusion; Toby's, visit at your own risk.