I got robbed AFTER the security guard was told to come and check out some kids banging on my door. I took my dogs for a walk and came home to find I was a victim of a burglary. I have issues with my memory so it was about a month later that I called to complain about one of their ppl who said to my face that the burglars were smart to wait til I walked my dogs and watch me while one just ran into my apt and stole my things. The security manager said he won't take any disciplinary action bc I called so long after the fact. This security guard didn't do his job and then made no attempt to help me when I told him what happened. He didn't call the police or break up the kids who were being disruptive to the tenants bc if he had he might have scared away the guys who didn't live here. I asked around after I called the police and another lady said I should complain about him since he never does anything he's supposed to. I asked the supervisor to just remove the one guy from this property and he said no bc I only have thirty hours to file a complaint against an officer. It wasn't for him in particular. He didn't do anything to me it was about his professionalism and lack of duty. He couldn't make sure I was safe when I went to inquire about the ppl who robbed me. I also asked him if he would talk to the cops when they came and he never did (he admitted to seeing the ppl who robbed me and said he would give their description to the police). I feel so disappointed that I can't even say what all is weighing on my heart about this situation. The manager of this company was rude and even had the nerve to get an attitude with me like he had anything to be upset about. He showed no understanding of my situation and didn't use the tact necessary in the conversation being that I was violated and was simply expressing my disappointment in his employee, not in him. I'm going to go to my attorney about this but if these ppl work your apts don't expect them to do anything properly and expect excuses when they don't. I don't see how a complaint made twenty days after the fact negates the absolutely inappropriate actions of a so called security guard. I was told it's not his job to investigate robberies but damn, the guy acted like I DIDNT tell him I was just robbed while he was supposed to have been in the area securing things! He never talked to the kids about the noise they were making and that, I believe, is why the burglars knew they could get away with it. No obese security guard is going to catch them so why not? I can't wait to remedy this neglectful behavior and action by this sorry company. They didn't even have a page so I created this one. I hope to keep these shady ppl out of anyone else's apartments. They even have a 350+lb security guard. What's he supposed to do if there's a physical action needed like keeping a child burglar secure or stopping a man from beating a woman outside or ANYTHING!?! Wish I could give no stars.