Anytime I am West of Bathurst you can expect me doing some gangster sh*t.\nIn this particular case, I met up with an old buddy of mine from another life. We haven't seen each other since 2005, so when we both found out that the other one was still alive, it was our mandate to make a man-date. \n\nI compromised and traveled to my discomfort zone of West Toronto, debated for fifteen minutes whether to pay the four dollar Green P parking or to risk it and give the middle finger to the system. I ended up paying, because I was unable to overcome the slave mentality of adulthood. Although..they do say the cerebral cortex only stops developing at around the age of twenty-five...so that makes me only a juvenile in adulthood years. I wonder if that would ever hold up in court?\n\nMy buddy Trocki and I walked down Bloor Street only to end up walking back to where we started and settling for the most non-Korean friendly looking Korean restaurant, which led us through the doors of Arisu.\nThe real estate was pretty sexy, clean, good lighting and organic Korean décor. \nWe came in at 21:30hrs, but even then it was sufficiently staffed. A man showed us to our table, a polite older lady took our orders, a young woman brought us the food, and an even younger lady gave us our bill. I never met more people eating Korean food! I had an odd feeling though, something was off, but I couldn't tell what it was.\n\nI got the spicy something chicken in a hot stone bowl, and Trocki got two sushi platters. He thought the sushi was good, but what does he know? His spicy tuna was smothered in sauce, and he didn't even have wasabi in his soy sauce. I was truly dining with a novice. It wasn't bad. Actually, it was surprising good for a non-specialised sushi restaurant. It's actually a specialised Korean BBQ restaurant. I have good feeling about this place because it is very clean, so I have no doubt with the quality of the BBQ. This is based on my experience at other places. I am an experienced diner. TRUSS YO.\nI asked the waitress what Arisu meant, and she told me it's a river in Korea, and it somewhat translate into big river. I think however, she meant 'the great river'. This is based on my cultural understanding of everything, because I am super cultured and just wanted everyone to know that. \n\nI was satisfied with my food, despite it being about 40% higher priced than any other Korean restaurant I've been to in Toronto. I suppose that's the price I pay for cleanliness, and professionalism. Well worth it. I just wish I was more educated in what to order, I've always played it safe with Korean food. \n\nAnd suddenly it dunned on me, and the odd feeling I was getting earlier manifested into a memory. This place used to be LABRIOS! I think that's how its spelt. LABRIOS was a Latin nightclub. I used to bounce the Latin\/Spanish scene, and I bounced here once a blue moon ago. What the hell..\nCloses at 11pm. Booth seating mostly.\n\nThere is this cute waitress here, and when she spoke perfect English to me, I was surprised, and said to Trocki: \"No accent, that was surprising\", like an idiot.\nThis was only two seconds after she left our table. Trocki buried his face into his balms laughing in embarrassment. Apparently she heard me.\nRELAX, I used to be security here!