There's a lot of good and a lot of 'wat,' when it comes to Giada. The biggest bias I think anyone here is going to push is that this is the first restaurant for a Food Network chef...and while most of them are fantastic chefs...when it comes to Vegas, you got Joel Robuchon and Twist by Pierre Gagnaire (maybe Guy Savoy...and Ramsey, but his flagship is London...)\n\nGiada...by a fair margin, has the coolest looking restaurant I've been to in Vegas. Great decoration, great location...I mean, the view is killer. Go Cromwell for making this place happen. \n\nThe service was like...an awkward first date. Here me out here; they meant well, they were doing good for the most part, but they interjected at weird times to tell us about the menu while insisting there was no rush. I asked for water and the guy gave me a half glass (of what is essentially a lowball glass to begin with) and walked away after I asked for more :I. I got nothing. \n\nStill, it was overall good service. \n\nDinner...we just sorta ordered whatever. Our server successfully upsold a cheese plate for us that turned out to be on the money (good on him), and he also suggested a pork shoulder ragu pasta that turned out to be quite good. We also did the ricotta crostini (really good) and a flatbread.\n\nNow, all of these were good....but the portions were so spectacularly small that it was like going to a dinner party with models. No one got to eat shit, we just got to taste it. And hey, $\n\nMain courses came out, I did a caprese to start with the short rib. Let me say that they caprese's mozzarella was the best mozz I've ever had in the US. Like, damn. Daaammmnnnn. \n\nThe short rib was also the best I've had, and I always opt for a short rib at any restaurant that offers it. It wasn't as completely tender as described (falls apart by touch...more like cuts with fork after some prodding), but it was still freaking amazingly savory. The polenta and accompanying veggies were a plus. \n\nEdit: TOTALLY FORGOT. Holy shit those cookies are good. Buy them. The espresso tower was frozen solid, but dem cookies man...dem cookies. \n\nOverall, damn good food and decent service. Wish there could have been more to eat.