We live very close to Yasu and been here for about 3 times. The first time was with my husband, it was decent. The second time was with my sister before her flight to NY, the service was slow food was decent, worst than the first time. We went there for the third time after my kids swimming lesson. (Yes, we weren't dressed like we were a rich family after swimming practice!) \n\nWe walked in at 11:45am and almost immediately we ordered right away. We also ordered 2 extra rolls 5 minutes later. The rainbow roll was HORRIBLE. Rice was hard and very cold, tasted it like overnight refrigerated rice. I made a complained to the waiter but he soon return telling me they don't know why it was hard and walked away. Okay, fine i will swallow the $13 roll that tasted worst than Frys' sushi. \n\nWe finished the food soon after and we were sitting there waiting for 2 more rolls to come. We waited... Waited and waited.... No one came by to if we needed anything, no water refills, or take away our empty plates. It was like we were invisible. \n\nFinally I asked the waiter about my 2 rolls and told him I wanted to cancel. He then returned 5-7 minutes later with one of the sushi roll. We ate that and waited AGAIN... Waited and waited for my final roll to come. Finally I told the waiter I wanted the check. He came back 10 minutes later with my check and I was charged with 4 rolls. I told him I only got 3 rolls but he said no I got all of the rolls. He went to the sushi chiefs about it and they too said us had all the rolls. \n\nSERIOUSLY? Yasu? You think I'm gonna lie about eating those nasty rolls of yours? We did not leave until 1:30pm. I spent most of the time waiting for 4 rolls. 11:45- 1:30pm is a longtime trying to have a quick lunch. The worst thing about this whole experience was that all of the staff made me feel like I ate the roll and don't want to pay for it. They were arguing behind the sushi bar about weather or not I ate the roll. \n\nIt's disgusting how you run your business!!! Shame on you Yasu. Worst service and sushi I ever had in my life. My husband and I love sushi and we spend a lot of money eating sushi monthly. And btw, we are not poor, my husband is an ER physician, we have money to pay for whatever we ordered. But I am not gonna pay for something we waited so furiously long for and still did not get to eat sushi. \n\nI am seriously disappointed at your extreme slow service, manners of your staff, and the not so fresh sushi. There are way too many options for sushi in Phoenix, and I will never waste a penny in this restaurant. Not this life time and the next! If I can give you a -10, -10 is what you should deserve in my rating!