I typically like to keep the money in our state and if I'm making a big purchase, I will do it in Arizona. However, when it comes to this Gucci, I will most likely only make purchases elsewhere. I've had several disappointing experiences here. \n\nCustomer service is big for me and when walking into a high-end store such as Gucci, I look for quality customer service. Sadly, I get the opposite here. I purchased a purse and a month into having it, the strap broke. The purse was only a month old. I brought in my new purse with a broken strap into this Gucci and asked them if they could replace it since it was a brand new purse. They immediately said no and said that they would need to send it back to the factory to be fixed. I understand this requirement if the purse has been used and owned for awhile, but this was practically a brand new purse. However, I followed the rules and let them send it into the factory. Six weeks later, I finally got it back. I thought it would be as good as new and not give me any other problems. I took my purse on a work trip to San Francisco a couple months later and in the middle of my trip, the same exact strap broke a second time. This time it left me without a purse on my work trip. Since I was in San Francisco, I immediately went over to the Union Square location and explained the situation. They were horrified that Gucci didn't replace it the first time and without any questions, they exchanged my broken bag for a brand new one and sent me on my way. Now that's customer service and I'm sad that it took the Gucci in San Francisco (and not Scottsdale) to give it to me. I was very disappointed with how Gucci in Scottsdale treated me. \n\nDuring a second experience, I had Gucci sunglasses with scratched lenses. I love my sunglasses and wanted to fix or replace the lenses. I figured that Gucci was my best bet so I took my sunglasses into this location because it was my only Gucci store option. I explained the situation and asked them if they could send my sunglasses to be fixed. Without a second glance, they said no and that there was nothing that could be done and sent me on my way. A couple months later, I discovered another sunglass store in Fashion Square and decided to ask them about fixing my lenses. To my surprise, they did it for a reasonable cost and my sunglasses were like new. Sadly, Gucci was not the store who helped me and I had to resort to another business. \n\nI like Gucci products and I typically like Gucci service, but unfortunately this particular Gucci location lacks the customer service and I will therefore shop at other locations and not this one.