I've had two wonderful experiences at Comerica Theatre. First to see the Moscow Ballet's \"Russian Nutcracker\" and most recently, Il Divo. Both times I was incredibly fortunate to sit in Live Nation box seats. The booth seats twelve, with an additional four seats with bar top level views. Additionally there are plush side chairs in the room. The space is perfect for a networking or special event.\n\nThe perks that come with box seats are amazing. You zip past lines with parking and entering the theatre, with your own special entrance. Once inside there is a great VIP lounge to hang out and let off some steam. Live Nation provides fun props for picture taking fun. \n\nThe bartenders up there are fantastic. Food and beverage service is available within the suite. (With a 20% built in fee, before gratuity.) However, you are welcome to visit the bar in the lounge. Be aware beverage service in the lounge stops after intermission. \n\nAdditionally, there are two, (yes, two!) bathroom areas in the Live Nation VIP area. One on each end of the booths. Not just when you walk into the lounge. As Gabi noted, the swanky Crown Royal chair does exist! During my second visit it only came out after intermission. This is a popular photo spot!\n\nThe sound quality is unbelievable. Earplugs were provided for Il Divo. I'm getting old, so this was a big plus for me! But in all seriousness, perhaps if you're coming for a serious headbanger of a night, it wouldn't hurt to bring some with you.\n\nParking\nVenu parking garage is on 4th Ave and Adams St. The Live Nation \"line\" is on the left side of the two lines. Or really, the non-existent line. (Note there are two elevators which fit 8-10 adults. If you can, plan to take the stairs, or leave the show early to avoid waiting on the line at the end of the show.)\n\nADA Accessibility\nThe Live Nation experience makes it incredibly easy to navigate. For my first visit I was on a knee scooter and crutches. I would have been fine with crutches. The distance from the lot to the theatre is only one block. The elevator is large, and readily fits ~30? adults with room to spare. (Wheelchairs included.) The box seats themselves only require a very gradual step down. \n\nBeing treated like a VIP is ... really quite an experience. I highly recommend it!