This is a review of *this* particular Target, not an all-inclusive pondering on the entire Target brand and experience. If you want the latter, you're better off reading the store's Wikipedia article.\n\nThe corner of Spring Mountain and Rainbow suffers from ups-and-dumps. Dump - the derelict, out-of-business KMart store and adjacent Asian lunch buffet. Up - the whole concept for the Greenland Asian supermarket. Dump - Petco. (Truly. Don't go in here or you'll have to buy a pet just to save it, which means you end up supporting the store.) Up - Viva Mercado's. (Although the food seemed to taste better before they moved here.)\n\nAnd so on, until we get to the southeast corner where Target stands alone. Dump? Kind of. Yeah. \n\nIt's clean, though, and I have no problem popping by if I'm *right there* and realize I need something, but I rather regret my recent visit when I told myself it was madness to drive a little further to Flamingo\/Grand Canyon to the Target Greatland.\n\nThe store is smaller and the clientele is.... going to be offended no matter how thoughtfully I try to word my adjectives. So let's not talk about them. It's not like some made me feel unsafe, just depressed.\n\nThere's nothing really wrong with this store. If you need something that you can only get at Target, go for it. But keep in mind that they may not stock the variety you'll find at other Targets. I wanted a few types of Method cleaner. Target usually has the best selection of the stores that carry Method. But not this Target; it only stocked a few of the more popular Method items.\n\nAs with any place, be sensible and aware of your surroundings when visiting after dark. (But maybe be a smidge more sensible and more aware here. Again, nothing bad, just a vibe I've acquired over time since my first visit here seven years ago.)\n\nOne funny note: when I got to the back of the store on my most recent visit, I noticed this really unattractive, empty area with tables and bulk quantities of staples (toothpaste, etc.) piled there and on the shelves. The big signs above proudly proclaimed that this was the \"Bullseye Bodega.\" \n\nMy first thought was, WOW, Target? What are you saying? That you have a special back corner for your Latin customers to rifle through the shoddy shelves and stock up on hygiene items for their stereotypically oversized families? WOW.\n\n(Hopefully it goes without saying that just because I know about these negative points of view doesn't mean I espouse them.)\n\nBut it turns out that \"Bullseye Bodega\" is just Target's annual clearance sale, now renamed nationwide for some reason, perhaps in a misguided attempt to seem more multicultural. I don't associate bodegas with bulk items, and if they're going for the convenience store angle, how is it more convenient to paw around a messy clearance area and not just walk over to the aisle you want? You're already inside Target! Everyone ends up at the same checkout lanes. The whole thing is surreal, and the connotations are iffy, and none of it made my already meh feelings about this Target any better.\n\nBut, because I said I would only judge this store and not all Targets, I'll keep this review at three-stars. It's okay. It's not a store for lingering, but if it's your closest option.... shrug. You could do worse.