I have dined at the Thompson Hotel's Scarpetta on several occassions and have found both the food and the service to be fantastic upon every visit.  The staff is always very friendly from the moment you check in with the hostess, and they are extremely attentive throughout the whole dining experience.  In fact I don't think I've been to a restaurant in the city in which the staff has checked in so much with regards to additional needs, as well as asking about how the service is - and not in an annoying way, but more so in a genuine way which really makes you feel like a special guest.\n\nOf all the items on the menu, my absolute favourite is the 'creamy polenta with fricasse of truffled mushrooms'.  The polenta has a very smooth and creamy texture and is absolutely delicious and melts in your mouth.  The presentation of the dish as well as the pampered feeling you get when the waiter spoons the truffled mushrooms into the polenta really makes for a great dining experience.  It's definitely a must, and the appetizer is of a size that it could be shared amongst two people - although I'm not sure if you will want to share after you take your first bite!\n\nThe restaurant also offers a variety of delectable pastas of which you can tell from the first morsel that they are all made fresh in the kitchen.  I especially enjoy the 'agnolotti dal plin', which is similar to a ravioli with short rib, bone marrow, horseradish and brown butter inside, as well as the 'duck and foie gras ravioli'.  Although I'm not usually one to order spaghetti in a restaurant, Scarpetta's spaghetti with tomato and basil is like no other - don't be fooled by the size of the dish as it is extremely rich with deep flavour, and is overall quite filling.\n\nThere is also a vast selection of meat dishes, including chicken, venison, pork and duck, as well as halibut and black cod.  I have tried the roasted organic chicken, which comes with cauliflower, cippoline and noodles, and found it to be savoury and well-prepared.  \n\nOverall, it is no secret that Scarpetta really takes pride in what it does by paying attention to each and every detail from the presentation of its eye-catching dishes to the rich flavours of its food, not to mention its top notch service.  The bright dining room with floor to ceiling windows also helps create an inviting ambiance which makes you feel at home and want to hang around for hours.  Job well done Scarpetta - until next time!