I purchased a yelp deal ($12 for $20) a while ago and attempted to eat here close to a month ago, but the power was out so the girl who was inside said she wouldn't be able to serve us since they had no power to cook with. Bummed since I had this place on my radar due to all of the positive yelp reviews and the the food sounded good, I understood and figured we'd just come back another time. Fast forward to a few days ago when hubby and I decided to give this place a try again. This time the power was on yay! Walking in it is confusing because there is no sign saying to seat your self or to wait to be seated. After standing there for a few minutes and seeing no employees I decided we would just seat ourselves. There were already a couple other filled tables, so I figured the employees might have been taking care of their orders in the back and it turns out there was just one girl working the whole floor and one cook in the back. Once she noticed we were there she did check on us often and was very friendly. Inside has mostly purple walls and bright red booths. It's obvious they are going for a Mardi Gras theme, but it could have been done better. Most of the decor has signs on it that say \"for sale\" since they are closing at this location.\n\nI ordered what was probably the most simple thing on the menu, but it was what sounded good. Priced at $6.95 (regular size) I ordered the \"Royal Street\" and priced at $2.95 the \"Bananas Fosters Rue Royal\" for dessert. \n\nMy sandwich came with a side of Cajun Fries and Coleslaw. The coleslaw was crunchy and had just the right amount of dressing tossed in it so it wasn't dry or soggy. The problem with the coleslaw though was it had absolutely no flavor at all and after three bites I put it aside. I was surprised at the side of fries since the menu said it came with a side of \"Cajun Chips\" and after seeing the pictures on yelp, I was really looking forward to trying them. Now let me get to the fries. The fries were absolutely perfect! The fries were cooked just right and whatever seasoning they put on them tasted really great. I wished I had no coleslaw and all fries. I don't know what the Cajun Chips tasted like, but i'm sure the Cajun Fries I had made up for it. \n\nThe sandwiches come in regular and large sizes. The Royal Street is a grilled cheese with tomato sandwich. If you want your sandwich \"dressed\" you will get the addition of lettuce, tomatoes, mayo and pickles. Since I ordered a grilled cheese I wondered how that would turn out, but our server said it was one of her favorite sandwiches on the menu and it is really good with the additions, so I went for it. I have to first say that I really did enjoy my sandwich and would totally eat it again. Now let me say that the sandwich just wasn't what the menu described. There was nothing grilled about it. The bread was extremely good. I mean the bread was so soft and tasty and still held the fillings in nicely. I did order a grilled cheese though and the bread had no grill marks and there was nothing crunchy about the bread. The kids menu even mentions that if your kids have a hard time eating crunchy bread to let them know, but a kid would have no problem eating the bread on the sandwich I had. I also kept hearing the microwave going off and the door opening and closing and when hubby asked me how they got the cheese on both pieces of bread melted if they didn't grill it, the whole noise of the microwave came to my mind. I don't know that's what they did, but the sandwich wasn't at all a grilled cheese. \n\nWhen I ordered the Bananas Fosters Rue Royal for dessert and I heard our server tell the cook the order, I heard the microwave start up again. I think they were heating up the bananas maybe. This was a decent dessert. I wish there was more bananas it it, but hubby and I both enjoyed sharing it and there was a nice big scoop of ice cream in it that was perfect for sharing. \n\nI asked our server about the chips\/fries switch up and she said that they signed a 6 year lease, but wont be able to stay at the location they are in because the whole building will be coming down with the expansion of the freeway. She said that the owner is unfortunately going through some health problems right now and between that and moving locations (if they can find one she says) some of the menu isn't available right now. If you are craving alligator or Cajun chips you are out of luck. They wont be serving them and some other items until they figure out where and if they are moving. The girl was very nice and like I said I did like my food aside from the coleslaw, but it would have been better for the server to let us and every customer know what is and isn't available on the menu so they aren't disappointed when they get something else on their plate or have to pick something else to eat and look over the menu again. I hope they do find another location and work out the kinks because I'd try them again in the future.