Caesars is my go-to Hotel on the Strip when I don't know people's tastes and I'm not sure about what shows I'm seeing or I'm definitely seeing something at Caesars AND I'm not here for a specific business reason.\n\nEveryone comes to Vegas for many different  reasons.  Here is the combination of reasons  I come here: a theme that doesn't bore me, good shopping, good variety of gaming tables, a good club (re-opening in April 2015), location at the 50 yard line of the strip, good variety of shows,  great service, and sister hotels that I can also visit to earn rewards.  All of that AND they have a great spa, pool and conference center which I have yet to experience.\n\nAll of that is great but as a Total Rewards member I get comped or discounted for many things making the hotel a great deal and experience.  Make sure you become a Total Rewards member. There are many towers and I prefer to stay in the Augustus. The tower is closest to the front, near the spa, has great views and along with the Octavius Tower are the newest Towers ( other Towers such as the Japanese Themed Nobu are older towers that were remodeled).\n\nRemember that this is Vegas, so we are sticking to the facts and all \"Hangover\" references (indicated by a *) are coincidental.  \n\nAs you pull up to the iconic entrance in your stolen police car*, make sure to note the fragrant smell as you go through the revolving doors.  For me that smell reminds me I'm at Caesars.  As you step into the circular reception area, you will note the iconic fountain where you will take that \"I was at Caesar's photo\".  You ask for the \"Hangover Suite\" (there really isn't one) handing over a $20 with your card hoping for an upgrade.  The receptionist likes your generosity and finds you the best available room she can find.  You walk over to the Augustus Tower and step into the elevator and take note of where Alan stood for his grand emperor moment*.\n\nAs you enter the room make sure the  chickens don't escape* and carefully check out the spacious bathroom stocked with Qua products from the spa.  If you find a Tiger in your bathroom or a baby in your closet* you definitely will be in for a good time.  The room itself is spacious with 650 square feet of play space modern roman themed decor and a large marble bathroom with double vanities, spa tub, glass shower, and separate water closet.  Again the best rooms you will find for the price.  If you are holding a conference here these are the rooms you put your keynote speakers.\n\nOn this particular trip I did not see a show, but highly recommend Absinthe.  The Bacchanal Buffet is very popular as well, but I am partial to Central by Marcel Richard which is located in the lobby across from the registration desk.\n\nMy only drawback for this hotel is that on one occasion I did have a grifter on my floor try to sell me some \"roofalus\"*. On another occasion some guy tried to grift me out of some cash but this happens at most large hotels.  Just don't look like a target.