Three words: MONEY WELL SPENT. So glad this Los Angeles gem has made its way to Las Vegas! We waited a little for the hype to die down, but totally understand it now... We have been here TWICE in a week now! And it won't be the last time! You really get your bang for your buck -- the food is well portioned, filling AND satisfying!\n\nThe menu has a wide variety of hawaiian x filipino fusion food -- from appetizers, burritos, salads, tacos, entrees, and rice bowls. We both opted for the ISLAND RICE BOWLS:\n- Choose your size (KIDS $5.99: 1 serving of protein, 1 scoop of rice, 1 side) (REGULAR $7.99: 1 servings of protein, 2 scoops of rice, 2 sides)\n (MIXED $9.99: 2 servings of protein, 2 scoops of rice, 2 sides)\n- Choose your protein (teriyaki chicken, Notorious R.I.B. boneless shortribs, kalbi short ribs, sesame chicken, chicken katsu, kalua pork sisig, crispy pork belly sisig, honey sesame tofu, teriyaki veggies)\n- Choose your sides (macaroni salad, green salad, grilled pineapple, stir fry vegetables, edamame)\n\nI ordered (large island rice bowl):\n- NOTORIOUS RIB\n- SESAME CHICKEN\n- MACARONI SALAD\n- GRILLED PINEAPPLE\n- WHITE RICE \n...and I will continue to get this same order forever! The Notorious RIBs are perfectly marinated & cooked tender boneless short ribs, topped with a tasty slaw -- and the sesame chicken is so crispy & cunchy with a delicious flavorful side sauce that I just want to smother on EVERYTHING! The mac salad is a common necessary side staple, and the grilled pineapple is such a yummy sweet mix to add to the dish! We just barely finish our plate (even on our hungriest days) and just can't get over how satisfying, fresh and filling the food is! (He ordered the notorious rib, chicken katsu, mac salad and mixed veggies... but uses my sesame chicken sauce, haha.)\n\nWill we be back? Without question! (We even had to vow to wait at least a week in between our next visit since we've been here so frequent!) Especially with this gem just around the corner from our house, located on Buffalo x Warm Springs next to the PT's Ranch. I love my order, but vow to definitely try other items on the menu (I have been eyeing the different kinds of elote like MISO-CORNY, or the KALUA PORK NACHOS and NOTORIOUS RIB BURRITO)! =)