PIZZA.  The greasy kind. The hot and cheesy kind. The nothing special kind. \n\nThis is it. \n\nI managed to end up here for dinner not once but TWICE on my recent Vegas vacation, and we were only there for four evenings total.\n\nThe night we arrived our flight had been delayed a couple of ours. It was 3 AM our time and we were tired, groggy, and didn't feel like making an adventure to anywhere for dinner. Secret pizza seemed like a good solution. It was actually pretty easy to find- the hallway with album covers leads you to the pizza. I had a slice of sicilian and my boyfriend had a slice of the meatball & pepperoni. Total cost for the two of us was $14 - considering most dinners in Vegas start at around $20 a person, this is a good deal! There was no line when we went. The pizza itself was nothing special. I would say it probably tops Sbarro but wouldn't go far beyond that.  The guys serving the pizza were really nice too- so thumbs up for that.\n\nThen another night, we were all very drunk by around 9pm because we had been KILLING it at a craps table and hey...they kept bringing us drinks. We were definitely in no condition to survive a meal at a regular restaurant without knocking over a few glasses or napping at the table. So secret pizza it was. We stumbled there from the casino- luckily it was just a short escalator ride. My very drunk friend was VERY excited about the fact that they had mushroom pizza on deck. I think I got a slice of cheese but can't remember exactly....I remember just looking at all the options and pointing at the one that looked most delicious. I have no clue what my boyfriend got that night but I think he got just one slice. I paid...drunkenly, because I found the receipt the next morning. It was just over $20 for our three slices. I actually don't remember eating the pizza that night.  So I think what we can say from this experience is that the pizza wasn't spit-it-out terrible nor was it moaning-worthy good. It satisfied my need for non-liquid calories and  that's about it. \n\nThis place gets 4 stars because it serves a need that was not previously met on other visits to Vegas. I'm pretty sure the servers at Jaleo are counting their lucky stars this place exists right next door and they don't have to serve all those drunken people. It's nice to have a place to grab a quick bite and a decent price (compared to other Vegas places). \n\nLong live Secret Pizza!