I came to Hiromaru today and I feel like it would be wrong for me not to write a review to warn people of the food.  I am really confused as to how this place got so many 5 star reviews.\n\nFirst things, first.  There was mad construction being done on the restaurant... they were straight up building a door with hammers and shiet right inside.  I had to ask to see if they were open because I honestly was not sure.  Once we came inside we were seated in the room where they were doing construction rather than the other quieter room.  I got a front row seat to the construction guy's belly hanging out of his pants.  Sometimes I couldn't hear what people were saying over the hammering.  If you don't have your door built, why are you open?\n\nWe tried the karaage chicken, pork buns, and shiroi tonkatsu ramen.  The karaage chicken was nice and crispy but lacked flavor.  I like the karaage chicken from Tonkatsu Kiyoshi much more.  The pork buns were disappointing.  The pork belly is served in a bun with a mayo type of sauce.  The pork was not appetizing and tasted of nothing.  More seasoning needed.  The ramen was flavorful in the soup... the shiroi is much creamier than expected.  It almost looked like the carbonara ramen in the menu.  The ramen noodles were not ramen.  They were closer in texture to spaghetti.  Some sort of wheat pasta... nothing like the bouncy yellowish noodles you would expect.  They were clumped together in our bowls... we had to literally use our chopsticks to separate them.  The eggs were not a nice soft boil but an overdone hard boiled egg (and served cold somehow, not freshly prepared).  They didn't have any condiments for the ramen on the table and when I asked the waitresses seemed confused as to what I wanted.  They don't have sesame seeds or chili pepper.  They gave me chili oil and sriracha sauce... the chili oil was okay but they need to have condiments on the table at a ramen restaurant.\n\nOverall very disappointed and almost offended... had to stop by Big Wong and get something after my meal that I could enjoy.  I am sorry Hiromaru... nice try.