Stephen Sarocky owner of Eagle Furniture Restoration was contacted by Leader Moving & Storage, the company that moved my husband and I from Ohio last year to come out to look at (and hopefully repair) dozens of items damaged by the Leader's packers and movers.  Finally, he arrived today.  Happy to see him I greeted him at the door with a 'Hey, come on it' and I brought him into the first of our porches (a screened in porch).  I heard my dogs barking and said 'how do you feel about dogs' and pretty quickly he went to 'how do you feel about being sued if one of them bites me?'  Well, that put me on guard instantly.  (He had yet to smile or really acknowledge me at this point).  As I spoke to him about coming into my home with the dogs (clearly he did not want to) I explained they couldn't be put outside (it's 10 degrees today),  he suggested the basement (I explained there's furniture down there to be looked at).  I wanted to let him know we'd had dozens of contractors in the house since purchasing it but he did not want to hear it (I have wonderful dogs by the way).  He said 'can't the dogs be put here?\" meaning the screened in porch....once again, it's 10 degrees out.  Then he said 'how about if I look at them?' and peered at them through a small window.  Seems like he was going to come in but when I gave my Cesar Milan spiel (which works by the way to calm the dogs quickly when meeting strangers) ~ 'no touch, no talk, no eye contact'.  He got really freaked out and said well, I'm not going in there and I tried to explain the reason for my request (every other contractor obliged happily and was impressed at my dogs calm behavior so quickly).  I gave up (still he'd never been friendly to me one time, nor acknowledge me personally being very, very unfriendly during this whole exchange).  I asked him to leave, told him Leader's Moving and Storage has been so difficult to deal with and you are just an extension of them.  I will never, ever let this man near my home again.  He was unfriendly from the moment I smiled and greeted him at the front door and continued that way during our entire meeting.  Bad business!