My fiance and I chose Malena, the owner of Grower's Flower Market, to do the floral arrangements for our wedding. Her prices were not nearly as heavily discounted as we'd expected, her customer service was poor, and the quality of the flowers was mixed. We were happiest with our boutonnieres -- she made them out of purple calla lilies in exactly the color and style we had discussed. The bridesmaids' bouquets matched their dresses well, and they were also along the lines of what we had discussed. Our bridal bouquet, however, was a disaster. I had specifically asked for a \"classic\" and \"romantic\" bouquet preferably in reds, purples, and pinks, because that would match the style of my dress. We had an extended discussion about the style of the bouquet, during which I emphasized many times that I did NOT want anything \"tropical\" or \"modern.\" I was uncomfortable with the fact that, during our discussion, Malena repeated refused to provide a detailed description of what exactly she planned to do with the bridal bouquet. She insisted she understood what I wanted and she said to trust that she would do a good job. On my wedding day, after the flowers were delivered to the venue, I discovered that the bridal bouquet was a TROPICAL, MODERN monstrosity. Malena had done pretty much exactly the OPPOSITE of what I had asked for. There were strange little \"styrofoam ball\"-like flowers all over the bouquet (lending a very modern feel), along with large tropical fronds rolled along the sides of the bouquet. This did not \"fit\" with my beaded lace dress at all. Plus, the bouquet was primarily yellow (a color that makes me look sallow), with only touches of purple and no reds or pinks. Needless to say, I didn't hold the bouquet in any of our pictures, and I made minimal use of it throughout the day. This outcome was partially my fault for having chosen to use Malena, though she refused to share her vision ahead of time. Don't make the same mistake. We got our centerpieces from Yang's down the street, and I found their selection and service much better.