I was on my way home from the Cardinals vs Diamondbacks game, and I was a little bit famished.  I didn't want any fast food, and I also didn't want to go to a diner type place.  I had remembered my friend Liza had written a review of this spot, and I have also had it bookmarked for awhile now.  I figured, now is the time, right?  I decided to head up the 17 North and exit on Dunlap.  Drove down a few blocks, made a left on 19th and this place is about a mile down 19th Ave. on the left.  It's in a U-Haul parking lot. Pretty non descript, but you will find it without a problem if you keep your eye out.  I pulled in the parking lot, approached the cart\/dining area and was asked if it was for here, or to go?  I said for here, and the nice young gentlemen told me to grab a seat and that he would be over in a minute.  I decided to go with 2 Sonoran Hot Dogs (no mayo) and a Mandarin Jarritos.  A few minutes later, my dogs were placed in front of me.  Here is how they were...........\n\nSonoran Hot Dogs-  Right when they were placed down in front of me, I knew they were going to be awesome!  Just on visual appeal alone, these warrant 5 stars!  I noticed that the bun was grilled and had a nice toasty, buttery sheen to it.  The top part of the bun reminded me of a New England split style hot dog bun.  It sure was beautiful.  I took a bite into my dogs and was overwhelmed with joy!  This dog was wrapped with bacon, then topped with ketchup, mustard, avocado sauce?, jalapeno sauce, beans, tomatoes and some cotija cheese sprinkled on top.  Everything just works!  I am not a big fan of pinto beans.  I am not a fan of ketchup on my hot dog...its almost sac religious!  I am not a fan of cheap hot dogs.  I am not the biggest fan of tomatoes.  You know what though?  This hot dog consists of ALL of those ingredients that I normally don't like, but it still tastes like a million bucks!  Something about the combo of flavors makes it work perfectly!  I'm pretty sure that bun is the key!  It is toasty and a bit crunchy, yet pillow soft when you bite in, and deep enough to hold everything in without shit falling out all over the place.  It's a perfect vehicle for this type of dog.  I woofed down my 2 dogs and easily could have gone for another....maybe 2!  These were not only the best Sonoran style dogs I have ever had, these dogs were some of the best \"any kind of dogs\" I have ever had.  They were awesome.  I almost don't want to try out any other Sonoran dog places in Phoenix because I am afraid I will be let down due to how perfect these were.\n\nJarritos-  Mandarin Jarritos.  Bomb!  You have to have an OG Mexican Coke or a Jarritos while eating food like this.\n\nOverall, it was $3.00 a dog, and $2.00 for the soda.  $8.00 total for one of the best meals I have had in Phoenix!  They are open late, the guy running the place was friendly, and the dogs were flat out awesome!  Good find, Liza...good find!  I now have a Sonoran dog spot I can recommend, take out of town visitors to, and keep coming back to myself!  Damn, those dogs were good!