4\/11\/13\n\n2.50 stars...\n\nVisited for the first time today to have my hybrid car's oil changed.  As usual, car dealerships tend to be costlier than independent auto shops, but my last few visits to the dealership has left me very suspicious of how much I'm being charged and what services are actually being performed.  I decided to check Yelp for options and stumbled upon a review by a Yelper I met once, a long time ago during a vegetarian meetup (I think), and he suggested I look up a valley car care radio and TV personality Mark Salem's website.  On it, I found a few shops that can service both our Toyota hybrid models.  After a few emails with a couple of Scottsdale shops' managers, I decided to try Whitey's.  The other shop gave me a quote for a complete maintenance service ($$$) that was almost as much as what I'd pay at the dealership, whereas Whitey's general manager Scott Almhjell gave me the option of just getting an oil change, which includes an inspection that would then tell me if the car needed more work.  (Our hybrid models' oil only needs to be changed every 10K miles, instead of the standard car model's usual 5K req.)  I'm now wondering if I should've just gone with the other shop to get the full service, as I don't want to skimp now, and pay heavily later.\n\nI suppose I would've left a lot happier had the shop washed my car.  I wasn't EXPECTING that Whitey's would do so, but excellent customer service usually gets the customer to return.  I know that the dealership would've done so, but I also understand that the dealership has a Danny's Car Wash next door to it.  I very much appreciated that my contact at the shop, named Sean, had someone available (Alex) to drop me off at the restaurant of my choice, less than a mile away, so that I could have breakfast while the car was being worked on, and that I was able to enjoy a nice, long stroll around Civic Plaza before calling the shop so that I may get a ride back.  There certainly was ample time to wash the car, and this would certainly have created the warm buzz of positivity about taking my business here and would've guaranteed my return for another service, possibly one that would cost a couple of Benjamin Franklins and change, instead of the $35 plus tax that I was charged for today's oil change.\n\nI'm omitting an observation I made when I returned to my car after I'd paid for the service, because I don't want to seem too critical, and I was truly hoping I'd find myself able to trust this auto shop for both of our hybrids' care.  Probably not going to be a repeat customer.