The aroma of Indian food made my mouth water the minute I walked through the door. Dimly lit and nicely decorated with dark wooden seating and beautiful paintings, Aroma Indian Cuisine is both modern and cultural at the same time. \n\nThe waiters were unbelievably charismatic, attentive, and helpful. They came by multiple times to ask how I was doing doing, if my food was okay, and if there was anything I needed. I felt not only welcomed, but also valued as a customer and that only made my dinner taste all the more delicious. \n\nFor my entree, I chose the chicken chettinadu, a curry with boneless chicken that was spiced with traditional herbs, and vegetable samosa for an appetizer. I also got a basket of fresh naan. At first, there was a slight mix up with my order, causing a tiny delay, but the waiter instantly brought out another fresh basket of naan and a bowl of basamti rice to apologize for the wait. That was already more than enough for me and I greatly appreciated the sincerity of his actions.\n\nAs I waited for my food, complimentary flat bread was served with two types of chutneys, a green chutney made of mint that was spicy, and a brown chutney that was sweeter, cooling my mouth after taking a huge bite of the green one. I also love the cumin seeds in the flat bread, giving it a nice toasted flavor.  \n\nWhile the samosa was spiced well, it was certainly a lot heavier than I anticipated. It was stuffed with vegetables and a chickpea filling that had you feeling full before you even finished one. I did, however, like how crispy the outer layer was without being oily or greasy.\n\nThe chettinadu curry might not have had the most appetizing color, looking more like a muddy green, but the smell was out of this world, I took one bite of the chicken and closed my eyes as I enjoyed the tender meat and the spice that hit the back of my throat all the way up to my nose. Even when I was already super full, I could not stop eating the curry with the fresh, warm naan. What a combo! \n\nThere's no denying that Indian food is spicy and fragrant, but it's the service at Aroma Indian Cuisine that really won me over. It's one thing to enjoy delicious food, but it's another thing entirely to feel so comfortable that you want to stay there forever.\n\nI already can't wait to come back again!