Took both my son and daughter here for a cleaning and it was fast and pretty simple. My kids loved it. I decided to schedule my regular cleaning here and I was very disappointed. The hygienist named Barb I believe was very rude and unfriendly. She took about 18 different X-rays of my teeth and kept hitting my jaw with the machine every time. While she was examining the pictures she began to ask questions about who my previous dentist was and what his name was because of my bridge? I asked her why that mattered at all to her and she said because the margins looked weird on my bridge. I was very offended and can't believe how unprofessional that was. Trying to basically put down my last dentist doesn't make me gain business with you for sure.\n\nThe dentist was actually very professional and nice but all he did was come in and speak in dental terms and poke around my mouth telling barb all of this stuff that needed to be done. \n\nAfter and hour and a half I got no cleaning and was actually sent to the front desk to make and appointment for a deep cleaning when I had actually just had one that year? I was so irritated that I just left and told them to call me. Later that day I got and email that had my \"dental plan\" attached. Lol it basically stated I would be paying over $4000 and to call them to make and appointment?? I felt like I just took my car to get an oil change and the mechanic tried to screw me telling me all of these extra things I needed to buy. The only difference is that at least at the mechanic I would have got the oil change! I didn't even get a cleaning and had to get a baby sitter for my kids for an hour and a half. I wish they would have informed me when I made the appointment they were going to actually just make my \"dental plan\" not clean my teeth. I probably will not go back here. I also wouldn't recommended going here for any new patients and if you do absolutely make sure you get a second opinion from another dentist so you don't get ripped off.