I would never have been able to afford eating at Joel Robuchon before they changed their menus to an a la carte style, and I am so happy he did because I got to experience one of the most wonderful meals of my life.  The only reservation we could get was at 10pm and we went for it since that would be our only chance while in Las Vegas.  We went for the 1 course menu since we weren't very hungry being 10 oclock at night but even with the 1 course, you get so much more!  We started off with the amuse bouche of caviar with lobster gelee and crab meat.  This was such a wonderful treat.  It was a teaser for the pallete.  Then the best thing ever happened... the infamous bread cart.  I died and went to carb heaven because every bread, brioche, loaf and bun on the cart looked fantastic.  The girl who was there throughout our dinner let us choose 4 breads and even warmed them up for us... I started with a bacon mustard, a rosemary brioche, a baguette and milk bread.... alllllll soooo delish especially with their in house butter, that was so good.  Then she came back and asked if we wanted more!!  I got 3 more delicious breads... a puff pastry, basil brioche, and a guyere cheese bread... I think I got full off the bread alone.  We were then served our courses.  I had chose the veal cheeks which were cooked in a thai spiced bouillon with couscous... the meat melted in my mouth.  We were also served Robuchon's infamous pommes puree which was heaven in your mouth.  I have not stopped thinking about them since.  I wanted to lick the plate clean. LOL.  Our dessert course followed... I had the chocolate dessert with coffee ice cream with little gold krispies on it, it was really good and not too sweet.  After our dessert we were spoiled with their candy cart which was filled with all types of goodies from truffles to caramels to marshmallows and cream puffs... yum.  We were also celebrating a birthday and they brought out the best birthday cake ever that was kind of an ice cream passionfruit light flavor that was amazing.  And if all that was not enough we got to take home a goodie bag with a chocolate bar that was also wonderful... Dark chocolate and a mix of nuts... yum.  The service here was impeccable, everyone was super  friendly and checked up on us often, but not too much where it makes you feel uncomfortable. The girl who served us most of our foods and the carts, joked around with us but in a professional way, so it made us feel at home.  This truly was a wonderful dinner.