Wahoo!!! Thrilled to be the one to tip this Richmond Hill hot spot over the 100 mark (the first Richmond Hill business to achieve this feat). And totally well deserving of this honor! 100 reviews all saying much the same praise, this place is one to visit in York Region.\n\nLocated on the South West corner of Bayview and Major Mackenzie, it's a bit of a trick to navigate to so I recommend you enter off of Maj Mac. Entering I was amazed by how busy this place was only 2 days before Christmas, literally rammed! However the most surprising thing was how fast we were able to obtain a seat (less than 5 minutes to be exact, with a line up). \n\nIn that 5 minutes I was quite taken with the look and feel of this place, not to mention their front of house aquarium (I wonder if any of those fishies are for eating?), the giant Buddha statue looking plump and happy as ever and a giant crystal structure that is quite beautiful (one of those rocks with purple crystals inside). \n\nOnce seated our server was absolutely top shelf. She didnt rush us, she was courteous, hilarious and unbelievably helpful. Once she learned this was our first time visiting RM she was wonderful with her menu recommendations. Which, while delicious were funny because she underestimated how much 2 hungry folks could actually eat. \n\nTo start we had the appetizer platter which came equipped with fish cakes, beef satay skewers (done in a curry style marinade), chicken skewers, and Malaysian style spring rolls. I likely could have eaten a dinner of the beef skewers to my face. Highly recommend! I was a touch wary on the fish cakes but they were only lightly fried and light as anything. I was a fan after only one bite.\n\nMy dining companion and I opted to order two main courses and share family style (this is where having multiple people at the table really makes family style much more beneficial). Following the recommendations of our server we ordered one of the Roti plates. She said their Roti was second to none - she was right! The Mutton Roti (if you like lamb\/goat) was mind-blasting and a trip into Malaysian flavour country. Nice and spicy and I could have even upped the spice a notch or two more. Damn I'm salivating!\n\nAs a second main course to share we had the Penang Fried Kuay Teow. It was a wide short egg noddle dish done with shrimp and bean sprouts and other items. It was amazing! I'd have this 8 days a week if I could - ya that's right 8 days! ya wanna fight about it? Because I'd likely fight you for the last noodle in the plate - delicious!\n\nSo what did this feast of endless appetizers, 2 drinks, 2 main courses come to? $52! That's it! Totally reasonable for 2 people to have dinner and leave absolutely stuffed!\n\nI cannot wait to come back!!