This is a much welcome addition to the MGM Grand! I was lucky enough to attend one of the mock service nights on Friday night. \n\nIf you ever dined at Seablue, you will recognize the set up, because it's pretty much the same. Just the decor has changed,  basically.  In general,  the Pub is very inviting.  There are large booths on one side of the bar, then tall tables on the other side. Then there is regular table seating and an elevated area that appeared to have taps at the tables.\n\nThe menu is definitely upscale pub grub, and prices reflect that. However, there are many creative items, in addition to classics to choose from. \n\nWe started out with 3 appetizers: house made frickles (fried pickles), lump crab deviled eggs and lobster corn dogs. 1st off, the pickles were amazing.  The spears were thick and retained their crunch. They were probably my favorite app. The lobster corn dogs were also delicious,  but they were a little greasy and fell off the stick. The crab deviled eggs were not my favorite,  but I can't really put my finger on why.\n\nFor entrées we had the baked ziti and the peanut butter crunch burger. The presentation of the ziti needs some work - it came out in a metal tin, which was placed on a dinner plate. Except the plate wasn't big enough for the tin and it wobbled while you ate. My suggestion is to place the tin on a cutting board to serve it. But the ziti was REALLY good,  so there is nothing bad to say about it otherwise.  \n\nThe burger was really the highlight of the meal. It was cooked perfectly,  was super juicy and served with fries. It was topped with peanut butter and potato chips,  and my mouth was in heaven! It was the perfect combo of savory,  salty and sweet.\n\nWe didn't have dessert,  but did look at the menu. They have \"cakes and shakes,\" which was a cool concept. \n\nThey have great cocktails - my 1st was a bourbon drink, made with Bulleit and a strawberry pepper juice. So yummy.  Their beer list is pretty decent,  and they offer \"beer wheels,\" which are basically 8 tasters. \n\nI can't wait to go back and try some of the other menu items! Of course the service was great, even though they are still working out some of the new restaurant kinks. They officially open 6\/18, make sure you go check it out!