This was my first trip back to Vegas since 2010.  I watched the towers of City Center go up little by little and could not wait to see the finished product. My wait was finally over and I decided to surprise my partner with a romantic getaway, complete with a stay at Vdara. \n\nFrom the moment we checked in, Vdara's welcoming atmosphere put me at ease.  Unlike many other hotel\/casino combos, Vdara is strictly a non-gaming, non-smoking facility which was a definite selling point when I was booking our suites. As we pulled up to Vdara, the valet service was very  professional and offered their assistance with bags and pointed us in the direction of the lobby for check-in. The lobby was very modern, and surprisingly simple, definitely not your typical Vegas lobby.  Our check-in was painless and the hotel clerk accommodated our request for an upper floor with a view of the Bellagio fountain show. \n     \nAs we entered our room, I was very impressed. Our suite included a full kitchen, dining room, living room, king size bed, and a beautiful bathroom with a large soaking tub and shower. The simple and modern feel that we got from the lobby was carried into the suite as well. The large windows offered a panoramic view that spanned from  Mt. Charleston to the Bellagio fountain show and beyond! Day or night, the view was simply breathtaking.  \n\nDuring our stay, we frequented the pool area.  Admittedly so, I was a bit disappointed by the size of the pool, but I got over it quickly, as it seemed to serve its purpose. The service at the pool was great and we felt very special during our three-hour lounge and dip sessions.  I ordered a virgin strawberry lemonade and my partner ordered Vdara's specialty Black Dragon drink.  The strawberry lemonade was your typical icy, sugary concoction, but it hit the spot.  My partner enjoyed the Black Dragon drink and it ended up being his go-to drink for the remainder of our pool sessions.  We also ordered a club sandwich and onion rings to share.  As we gobbled down every bit of it, we looked at each other, mid-chew, and nodded with wide eyes, confirming that we enjoyed it. The prices for both the food and drinks were common for Vegas, but the taste and portion sizes made it money well-spent.\n    \nWhat I loved about Vdara is that even though you're around the stimulating sights and sounds of Vegas, you are in a hotel that is tucked away in City Center, while still having easy access to other major hotels, The Strip, and all the glory they have to offer.  After a day of walking around, you come back to Vdara and your ears, eyes, and lungs take a deep sigh of relief from all of the sounds, bright lights, and smoke that Vegas is known for. For these very reasons, Vdara will be my first choice when visiting Vegas again.