8-10 years ago I was working in Chicago quite a bit, driving up from St. Louis for a week at a time and that's when I discovered Portillo's and that beef and cheddar croissant.  That thing is magical.  Totally unhealthy and I love it.  I think back then I tried a couple of other things on the menu, but when I think of Portillo's I think of that sandwich.\n\nNow that Portillo's is in AZ we thought we'd give them a try and see if it's still how I remember.  And get this.....Mr. M lived in Chicago for a few years and had NEVER been to a Portillo's.  Can you believe that?  So we had to go.\n\nHe ordered the Italian sausage with bacon and I ordered the polish sausage.  We also ordered the Chicken Pecan salad thinking sharing a salad would soothe our guilty consciences for eating those tasty sausages.  \n\nMy polish was about a 3\/5.  The sausage itself was great, 5\/5, but the bun was soggy and fell apart after one bite and had way too many thick onions on top.  I love onions, but this was overkill.  I had to pick half of them off and it was still smothered with onions.  \n\nMr. M's Italian sausage with bacon was probably our favorite thing that we tried.  4\/5.  The sausage had a very nice flavor and came on a more sturdy, Italian bread type bun.  Next time I'll have to get the polish on that bun.  It held up very well.  As you can see in the pic, the bacon isn't high quality bacon, kinda tasted like the precooked stuff, but it worked.  \n\nThe salad was kind of a letdown.  2.5 or 3\/5.  I thought it was kind of funny how 6 pieces of spinach ringed the bowl, but then 98% of the salad was just bland iceberg lettuce.  The description on the menu says a blend of lettuces.  It was mainly iceberg.  The chicken was ok, but tasted a little like the precooked stuff too.  It also had a gazillion diced, tasteless tomatoes in it.  With tax those salads are close to 8 bucks apiece and I'm not sure they are worth it.  Didn't hate it, but probably wouldn't get it again.  \n\nI like that their bottles of water are only 99 cents.  A lot of places try to bend you over there and charge 2 bucks or more for a cheap bottle of water.  Overall an okay meal with the sausages being the star of the show.\n\nI can't believe I didn't get the beef and cheddar croissant, but that's just a reason to go back.  They have enough good stuff on the menu to justify the 4 stars for me, and generally the staff are very friendly and helpful.  They are used to being busy and have a good system down.  The only complaint I had was there was an employee cleaning tables who had a spray bottle of chemical that he spritzed a little too close to our food.  Be aware dude.  I don't want my food glazed with Windex or whatever the heck.