This place is wiggity whack! We (my bff and I) had it out with them. It was on the verge of ruining my trip. Well not that bad because I'm not down for places getting the best of me. So I stayed here during Magic last month because of it's close proximity to Mandalay Bay (woulda stayed Mandalay because it has great pools but obviously it's not the season plus I had a strict budget). I had always heard about their sideways elevator so I was anticipating awesomeness. WTF is the big deal. I couldn't even tell, it just felt like a fast abrupt elevator. So to make sure, I called the front desk and her reply was \"You couldn't feel it?\" (in the RUDEST of tones). NO biotch I couldn't! Strike 1\n\nAfter we got back from seeing Zumanity (which is a Vegas MUST because it's sexy, arousing and hilarious! Can you Yelp about shows, etc.?) we came back to the room to hang out, drink and bond in our pajamas. Well during my bedtime routine in the bathroom, I dropped my tweezers on the bathroom floor and, to my horror, realized that it was DISGUSTING! There were nasty pubes and dust bunnies and other stuff that I didn't catch because I was in shock. As I came out frantic, my friend was complaining that the remote and TV didn't work and the only channel we could access was the M Life (MGM promo\/advertising) one. Great! I hate calling and complaining and sounding like a petty bitch. Well they said housekeeping and a repairman would be sent up. The repair guy came but when it couldn't be fixed he said he'd be right back... which apparently meant never. Same with housekeeping. So, after an hour of huffing and puffing we called again. They sent another repairman up who actually resolved the problem and comped us breakfast. Still no housekeeping... but time to go to bed. \n\nThe next day we did our thing but came back to the room in the evening to realize that no one had cleaned the bathroom again! Another call and more bitching (the guy said he could even hear my friend giving her two cents in the background, nice!) this time to the main manager guy because all of his subordinates were SO RUDE, all five of the ones we talked to. They finally cleaned it, gave us a shower cap (which hotel doesn't have shower caps right there in the bathroom?) and comped us a buffet dinner for two (it was aight) and half of one night's stay. I was happy but it was like pulling teeth. \n\nThe saga continues... During check out I reminded the lady at the front desk that so and so (I forgot his name now) had comped half a night's stay. Well since it wasn't \"noted\" they couldn't do it. I DON'T THINK SO. I busted out into \"just because he's incompetent and forgot to \"note\" (full use of quotation fingers) the account doesn't mean that I'm not obliged to what was promised. He said it will be deducted so I expect to have it taken care of. You can call him right now.\"  After much deliberation and calling in the manager's manager they decided to fulfill what they said they would in the first place. I can't stand when someone has attitude. Get out of the service profession if you're not gonna be customer oriented! I wanted to say to the desk lady \"do you think I'm lying?\" Instead of saying \"no I can't do that, it's not noted\" an alternative would be \"hmm, the notes don't mention the room reduction but let me check on that for you\". Easy breezy. I told her I didn't like her attitude and then she apologized and was gracious. Why do I even have to go there???\n\nNeedless to say, I won't stay here again (if I can help it). But on a light note, my friend and I went to Cat House, the bar\/club on our side of the hotel (because there was no cover before 10:30 AND free cocktails, what a bargain!) and it was fabulous. The decor was grand, drinks were strong and the vibe was good (not too many douche bags). I would want a bar like this if I owned one as it had a black\/white\/burgurdy burlesque theme with old b\/w\/ pictures, dim lighting, wall sconces and old Vegas style booths. Saved the stay!