3.5 stars to 4 stars. Service here was excellent and easily a 4 star... doughnuts can be a 4 but my experience is more miss than an outright hit.  Stay with the filled doughnuts and it'll be a solid good one.\n\nVon doughnuts shows up often on the top Toronto doughnut list and because it's on the far east side, I never really got to try it.  Thankfully one detour took me out here and I'm glad I got to see what the hype is about.  I think if you carefully chose your doughnut and come at right time, you'd get a great bite. \n\nBefore I go into the tastes and flavours of the doughnuts I had, I want to say that Von Doughnuts service and staff puts this place in a 4 star category.  The wonderfully friendly and sweet lady that served us on Saturday is a gifted natural with people.  Not only was she fluidly making charming conversations with EVERYone in the store, it was genuinely warm and thoughtful.  She learned what you liked, if it was your first time, and what doughnut would be the best of us to get. \n\nThe store is pretty cute with a vividly orange retro-ish design on the walls.  It's clean and has a few spots for you to sit down and eat your doughnut. I think most people did take away.  They do coffee in addition to the doughnuts but obviously, the doughnuts are the main focus.  \n\nOn a late Saturday and the day after National Donut day, the selection was a bit sparse... ok, it was lacking.  I think there was 2 specials, only 3 of the 11 doughnuts normally baked up for Saturday, and their doughnuts holes.  Not a lot of variety compared to their normal offering BUT it's to be expected.  That being said, what they offered is exactly what I would have liked to try.\n\nAnother side note on why the service here is amazing.  When she found out that this was our first time, she gifted us 2 doughnut holes.  Sure it was the end of the day but she didnt have to do that at all.  Just a nice touch to make a good experience even better.  \n\nStrawberry jam filled with raspberry meringue doughnut - This was part of their special and it was definitely one of the better donuts I've had in Toronto.  I know I got this very late in the day so it was getting stale... if I had it more in the morning, this would probably been much better.  So I'm rating this a 4 with the understanding that I didnt get the freshest one.  The dough was a bit on the dry side and a bit mild in flavour ... kinda like a wonderbread BUT that jam in the middle saved this.  It was a very good natural berry flavour that wasn't overly sweet.  Perfectly jammy and the doughnut had lots of filling.  About 5 times the amount another artisanal doughnut spot across the city.  One of my fav I've tried this year. 4\/5\n\nBlueberry Lime glazed doughnut - I loved this flavour pairing.  Berry with a hit of citrus?  Perfect!  And the colour of this glaze is just beautiful and plentiful too.  None of this small tiny drizzle ... Von dips it and coats the entire top and sides to give you that flavour.  As great as the glaze is and you honestly taste the natural blueberry flavour with a bite of citrus, I found this didnt overcome the large poofy slightly dry bread.  I know I came late in the day and doughnuts have an extremely short shelf.  I want to give this a 4... but that bread, was just dry and didnt have a flavour.  3.5\/5\n\nCinnamon Sugar donut holes - Similar to the blueberry lime glazed doughnut, this fell victim to time and lost it's tenderness and freshness. The bread itself was on the stale side but I get it that I bought it late in the day.  The sugar and cinnamon coating wasn't enough to lift the little doughnut up.  If anything, I'd love to see a bit bolder cinnamon to help give more flavour overall.  I find the bread a bit mild and heavily relying on the drizzles, glazes, and sugar.  3\/5\n\nI know the service here is just so sweet and great.  The jelly filled doughnuts really made me believe there are some great ones to be had here.  I think next time I need to show up earlier or just stick to the filled doughnuts.  Definitely one of the better spots in the city and worth a small detour to try.