Where to even start about this sad excuse for a \"restaurant\".  One of the servers told us that the only reason this place is still open is because the owner's parents finance it, and the majority of customers they do get are friends of the owners and half their bills are covered.  There are numerous spelling mistakes on all three menus, which is incredibly embarrassing.  I even noticed they misspelled the name of their own restaurant on the bathroom mirror (it said #EnitceMe instead of Entice Me).  I don't know how the management could allow that to happen, but clearly someone isn't doing their job.\n\nIt took forever for my drinks to come up, especially the hot beverages that my table ordered after their meal and the manager didn't even come over and speak to us, apologize for the wait or offer to take the coffees off our bill, which I found incredibly disrespectful.  I asked the server to point out who the manager was to me, and low and behold she looked to be too young to be drinking in a bar let alone running one.  She was too busy gossiping with the bartender and using her phone to bother paying attention to how the restaurant was being run.  Maybe that's why it took the bartender so long to make our drinks.\n\nThe food was overpriced and undersized.  I found the flavours to be very boring, nothing warranting the price.  The server suggested we try the carbonara raviolo and the k-beef ribs, but my wife is a vegetarian so her only option was an underwhelming salad.  Their menu online said that they had a mushroom soup, but it was nowhere to be found, and when inquired about, the server explained that the menu had been changed numerous times due to bad reviews.   For a restaurant in trendy Queen West, there are surprisingly few options on the menu for people who suffer from dietary restrictions and\/or allergies.  There are no healthy vegetarian options and even the fish, which I thought would be a healthy choice, was drenched in a buttery sauce.\n\nThe only other table in the restaurant was a group of loud, twenty-something year old kids who were being given free shots by the management all night. \n\nAs a customer who walked in off the street, and lives in the neighbourhood, I do not think this restaurant is a good fit for Queen West and I will not be returning.