The Westin Charlotte. No. Just no. Worst f**king experience of my life! And, I'm taking into account the time I peed in my pants in public when it was negative degrees outside. Ladies and gentlemen, aside from being in Uptown, directly across from the convention center, and nearby a handful of good shops, this place is the pits! THE PITS! The pits of a decrepit man with eight years worth of vile-smelling body odor. The absolute, most terrible place. Ever! I hope I've succceeded at painting a picture of how awful this place is.\n\nI booked through the SPG app, as always. I stay at a lot of Westins. It's generally my go-to for hotels. If not, I stick with something in the SPG family like Le Méridien, Sheraton, etc. My desire was to stay at Le Méridien or Sheraton because I always have excellent service there and no problems whatsoever. They were fully booked though. Westin was the next choice. \n\nLet's start at the beginning. I called SPG customer service, through the app, to make sure there would be two beds. The woman assured me there would be. All was well, yes? Nope! Upon arrival, check in took ages! I suppose that can't be helped. It seemed like this place was crazy busy and there were only ever 2-3 Westin agents available at any given time. When we got to the room, we found there weren't two beds. Just one king. We placed a call to reception and they said they were fully booked. We couldn't get an extra bed or a room change. So, we were stuck in a tiny room.\n\nContinuing this experience, the room key didn't work. I couldn't get into the parking garage or into my room. I went back and forth, not once or twice, but three times. That's THREE times I had to stand in a long line just to get my key fixed because they weren't able to do it correctly the first time. They blamed it on the lock and had security meet me there to unlock it. He tried using my key. It didn't work. Obviously! As if I'd lied about my card not working. WTH?! Anyway, he scanned his security card and it unlocked. He chuckled and told me that front desk didn't do it correctly and to go back down to get it done again. Heck no! What they should've done was make the room key and have someone come give it to me instead of making me go down AGAIN! Or, at least had it ready when I got down there. Each time I waited was 20-30 minutes. I watched three others complain about their stay as well. I sympathized because it's just a HORRIBLE place. One lady got unauthorized charges on her bill. Another complained how there wasn't concierge, etc. \n\nOnto the room itself. There were stains all over the floors and the walls. The faucet leaked and you either froze in the shower or got third degree burns. The water change was abrupt. Everything was ancient, too. The wallpaper was peeling and in some areas, there were staples to \"fix\" it. Oh, it should be noted that the stained walls were paper thin, too. At 2AM, I heard the couple in the next room arguing. Ugh! Earplugs should be complimentary in this establishment.\n\nThe room was not worth the $400+ price tag. It's like a 2-star hotel and the employees are dishonest AF. As an SPG member, wifi is free when booking through the website or app. The first day, the girl wouldn't fix it. She flat out refused. The morning after, the lady fixed it and it became free. Upon checkout, the girl said it wasn't in their policy to do adjustments on anything. She demanded to know who did it for me because they were wrong. WTH?! She was a nightmare! A total b***h. She was snide and patronizing. I'm not looking to have my bum kissed. I just want what was promised to me and what is standard. Between the room key fiasco and not getting the room promised to me and the horrendous customer service, I don't think I'll be staying here again. The only people that were helpful were Maxwell and an older lady that was with him. I really wanted to enjoy my stay, but that didn't happen. \n\nHeed my advice and stay away from this place. Save yourself from the headaches and save your time.