This was one of the first outdoor, kid-friendly places my wife and I visited after we moved here several years ago.  We went to Town Square to visit the Apple Store, then decided to stroll around and quickly came across the park, located in the middle of the shopping center.  It was still before the strong heat of the summer hit and we enjoyed a bit of time sitting, taking in the sunshine, and watching our toddler (at the time) play.\n\nThere's an open, grassy area for everyone, with a kid's play area right next to it.  A few food and snack vendors, and restrooms inside the kid's area.  You can also buy tickets for the kids train that runs around a part of the shopping center.  Adults can ride along with their little ones.\n\nInside the play area is pretty cool with a number of little buildings at ground level and with a second story, there's a tree house and a maze designed for kids to work through without getting totally lost or separated from their parents.  There's just one way in and out.  This is true of the whole play area as well:  just one way in and out, so it's easy let the little ones play and know they're not going to escape easily.\n\nTake note, the folks who work there will tell you, \"no food or drinks\" inside the kids play area, even though I see people in there regularly with bottles of water, sodas, etc.  They seem to be strict about the food, but not the drinks.  This may be because of the one negative about the place:  there's very little shade, and every time we've been there, the water feature \/ splash pad hasn't been working.  This pretty much eliminates it as an option in the summertime.  But for the rest of the year it's great.\n\nDon't be surprised when planes fly over at low altitude.  Town Square is underneath the final approach path into McCarran International Airport.  Since the planes are landing, the engines are relatively quiet, but for kids (or adults) who don't like the sudden appearance of an airliner (or the associated engine noise), you may want to shop and move on.  But for the kids who would get a kick out of seeing a plane flying so close by, it's a very cool experience and will undoubtedly fuel their imaginations.\n\nIf you find yourself needing to go to Town Square with a little one in tow, plan a little extra time for them to play.  It's a good place to let the kids romp while you sit for a bit.