The boyfriend inexplicably received an Applebee's gift card from one his aunts that takes too many pictures and never throws anything away.  Those last details were entirely beside the point.  He never expressed any out of the ordinary interest in this famous chain, but nonetheless we were left with a 25 dollar gift card and no choice but to man the crowded booths of our local Applebee's. \n\nIt's odd when you never go to chain restaurants how much you notice the differences between them and other places we normally eat.  We went on a Wednesday night and there were people waiting for a table.  Two million restaurants in Phoenix and these assholes are WAITING for mediocre chain food.  There were only two of us so we were seated promptly at a two top near the kitchen and instantly were mesmerized by the completely muddled,  incoherent memorabilia that lines the walls of this place.  A photo of Marilyn Monroe, next to a Route 66 sign, next to a football helmet, next to a baseball hat, next to a picture of Johnny Carson with a cigar or someshit.  Perhaps it is difficult, or rather simply unnecessary, to provide your restaurant with an easily deciphered theme.   \n\nNot that anyone who is eating at Applebee's gives a fuck. \n\nAnother thing I noticed about the ambiance is that this is certainly a watering hole for those afflicted with that whole \"obesity epidemic\" thing here in America.  And I'm not being a bitch, man, there were just a lot of fat people there.\n\nOur server, an over weight Latino man with a raspy voice and  purposeful speed takes our drink orders right away.  We both get Long Islands which are served in an obscenely sized goblet straight out of the 18th century.  I am small and I don't work out and I hate when drinks are fucking so heavy that I have to use two hands.  I understand that it is now a trademark of these types of restaurants to make their drinks large, colorful and spectacular- but I can't help but pretentiously think as I lift the four pound concoction of watered down syrup and ice, \"this is just fucking retarded.\"\n\nWe order a few appetizers; the spicy bone-in wings and mozzarella sticks.  The wings are dinky and under salted but not disgusting.  The mozzarella sticks were... mozzarella sticks.  You can't really go wrong or right with fried cheese but they got cold fast and the cheese hardened.  \n\nThe redeeming quality of our Applebee's outing was our likable and attentive server.  While we never really make our way to chain restaurants (as there is just so much other good shit Phoenix has to offer), it was sort of nice to have a friendly and non-hipster server.  A guy not concerned with spouting off specials and showing us the wine list and judging us if we order domestic instead of premium,  just a giant Mexican dude probably with a family of four at home trying to make some good tips.  And I guess that's always the nice, homey thing about chain places; it's all just so average and normal and sometimes that feels like comfort. \n\nI can't honestly say that I'll return to Applebee's anytime soon unless we come across another gift card from another relative that takes too many pictures and doesn't throw anything away, but I can say that it was an overall interesting experience to be out of our comfort zone, talking and watching the hoards of middle Americans order their steak and shrimp or chicken fried steak and shovel it in their mouth while they talk about how the fuck they're going to pay the mortgage this month.\n\nMaybe our server can pay HIS with the giant tip we left him.