I've had some pretty unfun occurences here (having a poo--a real, swear-to-god human terd, touch my leg--crashing hardcore a few years back and losing my husband for 10 minutes cause he got marooned on some island and couldnt find us, and getting sunburns so bad that i can feel it in my bones--reapply that spf 50 as often as you can) but i swear none of it takes away from the awesomeness of it all. If you can believe it...\n\nWent for the 3rd time this past weekend (did a day trip from redlands-wow loooong day!) and it was seriously hotter than hell, about 117. It was halloween on the river day, so crazy betty the busdriver was all dressed up (2nd year in a row we had her, she totally enjoys her job!) and the az republic took our pictures for the newspaper. it was so hot, that we couldnt even touch the tubes to put them in the bus, we put as many as we could on an oar because they were really burning our hands big time. so yea, there is no way you dont need a sheet for the tubes out there in that kinda heat. \"splashing\" water on the tubes will last about 2 minutes, and when you forget and you burn the living hell out of your appendages repeatedly cause you forget how hot that rubber gets, you'll wish you brought a sheet. i know from experience.\n\noars really help. you need one, and if youre paying attention to where you're going, you can get out of almost any bad situation enough in advance to avoid getting hurt. that being said, you can get away with tying your tubes together, provided you dont have a humongous group. just not too tight though, lots of people pop their tubes doing this. \n\nand another thing, you dont really know how wasted you are til you go to stand up to get your stuff out of the water, so pace yourself a bit with water--and stick to light beer. the first year i went i made a huuuge tupperware bottle full of what i like to call \"focktail\"--yeah it will get you effed up pretty fast. I could hardly walk out of the water, and my husbands friend drank so much of my focktail that he pissed himself in the parking lot. twice. \n\nyes, theres stupidity, drunken teenagers acting a fool---but ya know, i didnt really expect a MENSA meeting so i wasnt too surprised by anything.