Donuts... They are as much as a american past time as baseball, fast cars, apple pie, apple products, and Jordans (seriously, who isn't wearing Jordan something nowadays).  \n\nBack to the review at hand.  I came across this new donut shop on the holiest of days, Easter Sunday.  Holy Easter Sunday. Holes in donuts...My how the lord works in mysterious ways!  It was closed when i saw it that night.  So i thought i would check it out this morning.  Now i was a bit skeptical on how good the donuts would be cause on the outside of the building it has \"Grand Opening 4\/14\/14\" spray painted in blue on the glass. Would it have killed them to buy some poster board and some markers and make a sign?  But that didn't stop myself, Gandalf, Frodo, Bilbo, Gollum, and the rest of the Fellowship from venturing on into Daily Donut to try their sugary rings of goodness.\n\nThe place is very clean on the inside and pretty spacious. They have a pretty good selection of donuts and the place smelled fantastic.  I was in there around a little after 8am and there was a bunch of donuts. I only saw 2 people there working.  So if they made all of those donuts that morning, then hats off to them.  The lady at the counter was very nice and attentive to every customer who came in there.  It gave off the vibe to me that this donut shop they opened up was something they have been working towards and now that it's a reality, she appreciates the people who coming in there looking for some fresh donuts to start their day off.  The grand opening special that is going on until April 28th where you can get a dozen donuts for $5.99 was another selling point :)\n\nThe donuts themselves were very good and moist. I got a few glazed, a couple of cinnamon crunch, classic sprinkles, and chocolate topped with white frosting and nuts.  They are light and fluffy and not as sweet as say a Krispy Kreme.  Which is good. We all know donuts aren't the greatest thing for us to eat if were trying to be health conscious and watch our figures.  But its easier to not feel as guilty when the sweetness doesn't overpower the donut and make you feel like your eating a ring of pure sugar.  \n\nSpeaking of health.  Donuts is not the only thing they sell there.  They also sell smoothies and Boba as well.  I didn't fully check out the menu so i'm not sure what flavors of smoothies they have.  Or what else they may offer.  It was the donuts that drag me in there and will get me to come in there again.  Is it a place that you would drive cross town to go get donuts from? No.  But if you happen to be close by or in the area.  Then go out of your way a bit and check this place out.  You won't be disappointed.