There's been a buzz about a brand new tap room that opened up only a few short months ago in Newmarket and today I ventured to the GTA's north to catch said buzz - with a beer (or 4).\n\nMarket Brewing Company has been in operation for a little over a year brewing and perfecting their product but only recently, as in June of this year, opened a big beautiful tap room which will soon become a destination spot for beer lovers and hoppy-adventure seekers.\n\nThey've opened shop just north of Davis Drive on the east side of Leslie. Pro-tip, most GPS' take you to the plaza one stop north of the brewery but for now, it's actually located towards the back side of a transport trucking company - just look for their street sign which will flag you down.\n\nAs I mentioned the brewery and tap room is gorgeous! A mix of high-end meets industrial and Canadiana meets German Beer hall. It's a huge space with high ceilings and wrap around bar with flat screen TV's on one end and a massive stage, which they now use to host live events on a regular basis - check their website for upcoming concerts, karaoke nights, pop up food events and event Yoga (followed by beers). But if you're looking for more of a daytime buzz, you can come with a friend, grab a flight and a favourite board game (they have a couple dozen to use) to pass the time.\n\nToday, I wanted to taste the beers, see the space for myself and get excited so I arrived shortly after opening and sat at the bar to order a flight. In the flight, I got to choose 4 out of their 7 on tap beers to try. I went with: Flee To Pennsylvania Wit, Beswick Lager, Leslie Street Pale Ale and the Bear Hug IPA. The Wit was super refreshing and wasn't as filling as many other attempts at Wit beer by others, while the Lager and Pale Ale were amazing summer time refreshing, easy drinking beers (apparently the Beswick is their most popular). Lastly, the IPA, was actually amazing! I sound shocked because I am, so many breweries try to cram as much hops into thei IPAs as possible, this one had a crisp citrusy taste with only a mild hop finish (surprising since it's at 55 IBUs).\n\nHad it not been a work day, I would have (and could have) stayed all day but I decided to call it after a flight so that I'm sure to come back and grab a few cans or a whole growler for home!\n\nPumped to have another amazing brewery here in the 905!