Andiron Steak & Seafood provided a lovely and tasty meal.  \n\nDÉCOR: I immediately enjoyed the open classic colonial meets modern Caribbean vibe. The soft greens and whites were crisp and inviting. And yeah, I'm a sucker for live music and had already decided I was in the right place when I walked past the band.\n\nTHE MENU: Lots of steaks and updated versions of steakhouse fare.  I was pleasantly surprised by the salad options and vegetarian selection available. Those options (along with the fish) seemed to compliment the light vibe of the space.\n\nI TASTED: the little gem lettuce salad, branzino, rib cap, classic mac an cheese, mac and cheese waffle, polenta, the strip, rib eye, pumpkin cheesecake and vanilla and salted caramel ice cream.\n\nOur group of seven ate and drank (our own wine with corkage fee) for under $600 and I thought that was reasonable. \n\nSERVICE: I wish I had written down our servers name---after a few glasses of wine, her name eludes me. But her kindness and responsiveness does not. I love when servers steer me toward (and away from) dishes. Every one of her suggestions was spot on. At one point I decided to make a change to my order and she was entirety accommodating. No attitude or annoyance (which she probably felt). We did spot the hostess grabbing a few bites of fries from the kitchen and that was a bit disappointing in a fine dining establishment, but it did not sully the service or our experience. \n\nOVERALL: Everything was tasty--the steaks and little gem lettuce salad were the standouts. The steaks were cooked perfectly with that fatty char that I like.  My primary issue with the food was that there seemed to be a small misstep with a number of the dishes. Nothing that kept me from eating (and enjoying) them, but certainly from loving them.  In short, there was just one thing about each dish that kept it from being great. For example, the bacon in the delicious gem salad (think modern wedge) was difficult to cut and made the dish a bit unwieldy.  In my eyes, an off note on an otherwise fantastic plate.  The same issue crept into the dessert dish--the caramel ice cream with chocolate flakes was delish--but there were icy flakes on the each scoop. They weren't terrible, they just took away from the refinement of the dish.\n\nThe dish that everyone was dying to taste--that mac and cheese waffle---didn't do it for me or many in our party. I'd order their luxurious polenta over it every day of the week. \n\nI'm not sure I'd plan to go out of my way to visit Andiron, but I would go back if I was looking for an upscale steak while visiting downtown Summerlin.