I was excited to try this new restaurant as it is in walking distance from my home, and has a nice outdoor patio.  My first experience was just ok.  Our server was very inexperienced and very under-trained,  breakfast was ok.  coffee was good but they charged me 50 cents for milk they had put in the coffee!!!  that was a shock....however, .being so convenient,I decided to give it another try for lunch, and this time I brought  my family. on a whole the food is fresh and good. The problem occurs with the staff, the waitress and mostly the management.    My brother ordered a breakfast sandwich and asked if the meats (ham and bacon) could be substituted for avocado. and the croissant be substituted for wheat bread.  .   .  He  specifically said \" if that couldn't be done he would choose something else\".  the waitress said \"no problem\"   the orders arrived and  the sandwich was made on a Croissant. :(  He decided to just eat it.  Also,  the little side salad had no dressing on it at all.   he politely asked for some dressing.  \nWhen the bill arrived they CHARGED for the avocado as an add on, not substitution for the meats... and they also charged for the salad dressing!!!! , which they had forgotten to put on the salad to begin with... well, I'm a believer that people are reasonable. when we asked about these charges the waitress said, she was sorry but didnt have authority do anything about it. we requested to talk to  the manager, who then came over. and instead of apologizing and taking care of the errors  he was  ARGUMENATIVE, RUDE, SARCASTIC and SURLY.  He presented with the  WORST customer service I have experienced in my 38 years of living in Arizona.  There are many good venues, & great food choices in the phoenix\/Scottsdale area.  I will definitely not be returning to Pitch and I'd encourage anyone in the Arcadia\/Scottsdale area to spend your money at a place with friendly ,nice staff and management that want to build community and relationships. These people running Pitch don't have a clue of how to become part of a neighborhood, build a local brand, or even how to create a successful business in a closely knit , highly competitive market like ours. Take your inexperienced, brusque, curt and gruff staff back to Omaha......youre not the kind of business we want in our neighborhood.