I decided to give this place a try for Restaurant Week and I am so happy that I did.  The food was fantastic!  Their RW deal included an appetizer, two dishes as well as a side.  I don't know how anyone can complain on here that their portions are too small since that was a huge amount of food and we ended up taking a bunch home.  The website indicated that it was tapas style but really I would call it family style because each dish is large enough to share with one or two other people.  I love eating that way since then I get to try more things without the risk of getting my hand slapped.\n\nI started off with the strawberry salad (Angelica's Fresa) which had a ton of flavor and a really tasty sweet\/spicy dressing. For our entrees, we shared and so I got to sample the chicken tacos, cochinita pibil, huarache de hongos, shrimp ceviche, seared tuna and carne in adobo.  Everything was so flavorful and well prepared!  I would highly recommend the carne in adobo... this was a thick slow roasted beef brisket that had been rubbed with a Spanish sauce.  The only time I have had adobo sauce is when they marinate chipotle chiles in it so I was expecting this to be spicy but it was not.  Just the adobo, no chipotle flavor.... but it was still incredible. The meat was very tender and the sauce was delicious but not overpowering.  My other favorite was the tuna, which was an excellent piece of fish, very lightly seared and served with chunks of creamy cheese.  So melt-in-your-mouth good! For our sides we got the esquites (corn) and the beans.  Those were good as well but not overly impressive.\n\nThe sangria was also quite delicious and I love the fact that they have both red and white available.  But the best part of the night was getting to meet Chef Jose Garces.  I watch the Food Network a lot and I have been a fan of his since he beat Bobby Flay on Iron Chef. I am told that he spends most of his time at his other restaurants on the East Coast so I guess it was a rare treat to see him here in Scottsdale.  I am so glad he took a chance on the Saguaro (since we all know that hotel has had a rocky history lately) and opened a place here. The food was so good I am sure we will return since I have looked at their full menu online and I can't wait to try some of their other dishes.