Customer service so-so, prices rather high, quality of work OK.\n\nI had a group deal voucher that I used for an oil change at this garage. When they were done, they told me my tires weren't \"round\" which was a type of lingo that I found to be a tad odd. It turns out that they were worn unevenly as they were trying to explain. I didn't get a chance to ask the mechanic what he recommend, after having told me that I needed new tires and that the tires that fit on my rims were very expensive (they didn't recommend any, they just told me they'd be expensive).\n\nI asked the receptionist what she thought might've caused it after I was done trying to make sense of what I was just told in my head. After saying I likely need to change my struts, she called another mechanic as the one who had worked on my car was busy working on the next car, and he said that I'd likely need an alignment. He told me that I should get it checked and likely done, and he told me he gets his alignment done twice a year which seemed a bit excessive. When I asked how much checking the alignment would cost, he said it'd be $50 for checking it and another $50 for doing it if need-be. I mentioned my winter tires at some point during the conversation, so at the end, he suggested doing the alignment when switching to my winter tires.\n\nI would've liked if the initial tech gave me the cause of the uneven wear and at least a reference as to where I could get replacement tires if this shop doesn't have my size. Ideally, he would've shown me where the issue was\/what it looked like, but I guess that'd be going over the top in terms of service.\n\nWhen I looked at the regular price for an oil change on the wall, they started at around $70 from what I recall. \n\nSo all-in-all, I wouldn't return to this shop as I didn't get any value as compared to a fairly priced shop such as Active Green & Ross or Costco.\n\nEDIT (Dec 2017): After posting this review, the owner of the shop has harassed me numerous times to remove my negative review as it was inaccurate, even going to the point of accusing me of never having visited her shop. I feel very threatened by her at this point, and I would avoid this venue at all costs, as I wonder how a customer would be treated if they came directly to her with their feedback.\n\nFurthermore, the comment posted in response to this review does not at all address the concerns mentioned about terms used such tires not being round (I am still curious as to what shape the mechanic that made this comment thought they were).