Lets start with two things.\n\nOne, Mitchell's is consistently good seafood no matter what city I eat at. Mitchell's in Pittsburgh, Cleveland Ohio, Carmel Ind.\nThese restaurants are sharply appointed with beautiful and comfortable tables and booths. There is a reception area with a host\/es and comfortable upholstered benches for waiting. Inside they all have a very ample and well appointed bar area. There a many seats at a U shaped bar, with some high-tops and 2 and 4 person booths. When alone I will usually eat in the bar area. The service is very good in this section, but it usually good all through the restaurant. As I recall they all have a private separated room for large parties.\n\nTwo, really, let's start with a Martini, say Grey Goose up with blue cheese stuffed olives. Okay, now I'm ready to eat.\nI always enjoy a version of their very fresh and very good Ahi Tuna appetizer. This time served with Sushi rice, ponzu and apricot ale sauce including pickled ginger and nicely hot and tasteful wasabi. This is outstanding Tuna, seared very rare. My other favorite appetizer here is the clam chowder. This chowder is so very thick, rich and clammy. Soooo good. \n\nA loaf of warm sourdough bread is served with fresh butter. Enjoy as you see fit. I will say that I try to take it easy on the bread, but my gosh, it is really good sourdough. \n\nFor my entree I have probably two strong favorites. First and perhaps at the top is the Chilean Sea Bass, served Shang Hai Style, which is steamed with ginger and scallions, served with sticky rice, spinach and rice wine soy sauce. This dish so outstanding. First if you love the buttery soft texture of the sea bass, and you'll love it with this preparation.\n\nMy other outstanding favorite is the Cedar Plank Salmon, preparation is balsamic glazed and oven roasted, with delicious, mouth watering grilled zucchini and peppers,sun-dried tomato pesto and goat cheese. This combinations works so well. I find this to be just an outstanding meal.\n\nMitchell's has several deserts, but by the time I get there I usually pass. But I have tried and recommend the \"Shark Fin\" Pie, which is butter fudge ice cream, honey roasted peanuts, fudge,peanut butter, with  Oreo cookie crust. I also enjoy what they call their Triple-Chocolate Mousse Cake. But my favorite is the Key Lime Pie which comes with a Macadamia nut crust. I love the lime, and the the stronger the lime flavor the better.\n\nI would suggest that anyone who enjoys seafood will enjoy a meal here.