Took my parents here for heir last night's dinner in Arizona and wanted them to have a good time, well, i didn't think it was the right choice.\n\nUpon arrival, the restaurant called me to confirm my reservation i made through Opentable.com, which was very nice, and I specifically asked to be seated at a table that's quiet and has less traffic going through. As soon as we entered the restaurant, the loud music and open bar gave us a bit of shock, had only I know the atmosphere was like this, we would have gone somewhere else... at 6:30pm, this place was packed, again, not as I expected. We were taken to a bit of inner area of the restaurant, it was far enough to avoid the bar crowd, still the loud live music could not be ignored. Overall the restaurant is very dark, not sure what they were trying to have for this kind of moment, can't be romantic or cozy, simply because the music is way too loud. Decor is just, let's say, interesting...\n\nOur server was very nice, he offered us some water and warm bread immediately, and went us through the specials for the night. Both my parents liked the bread a lot so we asked for a second after placing our appetizer order. The bread came out very quickly, nice and warm outside, after splitting a piece, we found out it was ice cold inside, I'm not even joking, it was like ice in the middle, I was immediately turned down, WTF?? Did my bread just came out of the freezer and went through the microwave before arriving to my table?? It was very unpleasant... it's okay if you don't have them in-house made, but don't fake it like you did and try to serve it nice and warm when you failed to defrost the middle,  such a disappointment.\n\nOur shrimp cocktail came right after placing the dinner order. Yes, they were some nice and big shrimps, but there were only four of them, yes, I paid $14 to have FOUR shrimps, I admitted they were tasty, but really? The entrees come out pretty fast and they were all very good, thank god the food was good. We had the Scallops, Chilean Sea Bass and the Lobster tail along with some steamed asparagus. All the dishes had some very nice presentations, and all very tasty, especially loved the scallops with the hint of almonds and citrus fruit (grapefruit and orange), the slightly bitter taste of the grapefruit was such a good complement to the rich scallops. \n\nWe came out feeling very good about the food (minus the bread), but not so much about the restaurant itself. Like I said, had I know the atmosphere, I'd go to Ruth Chris. I can't really tell what kind of occasion would make me come back for more, it's so dark and so loud that it doesn't seem to fit for any, well, at least not for me...\n\nOverall, entrees are a 4-star rating, definitely not the bread (maybe because it was free??). Decent service. Interesting crowds. And I do not like how dark it is, way too dark... so yeah, not a family gathering kind of place, no romantic cells, no classy, not trendy, upscale (?), huge selection of wine, oh right, expense accounts, anyone?