Experience:  came to check out this new spot with a friend. It was 6:00 on a Sat evening. \n\nFacility:  this is a beautiful place. It does have an upscale feel, but then the view of the pool makes it feel casual. We sat at the round half bench tables that had 2 chairs at the end. They also have a full bar for beer and cocktails. \n\nService:  the staff were super friendly. Our waiter, Anthony, was very friendly and continuously concerned for our satisfaction. Even the manager jumped in at one point to check on our happiness and corrected a small problem by offering us a complimentary dessert. 5 star service here!!!\n\nFood: my friend and I decided to to the fried pickle appetizer, since you folks on YELP raved about it. If you like fried pickles, these were yummy! We shared a burger each, but split them so we could each taste two. We also got fries and onion rings to share, so we got a good taste of the menu. \nCrunchy, salty PICKLES - 4\/5 - They came with 3 sauces lemon aioli, sriracha mayo, and BBQ sauce. I loved the sriracha mayo the most. They are spears, not chips, for those wondering. Oh yeah, speaking of chips...I loved the surprise of salt and vinegar chips on the bottom of the pickles. They might have been there to soak up grease, but I love them too much to not partake. \nBURN YOUR FACE OFF BURGER - 4\/5 - the waiter suggested we get the Habanero hot sauce on the side, so we listened. This burger was good, and the hot sauce was indeed VERY hot. I loved it!!!  But on the side was a great suggestion. It was a tad overdone, but cheeses with good flavors from the poblanos and cole slaw. \nWAFFLE FRIES - 5\/5 - crisp, delicious and exactly what you'd expect from a good fry!\nSMOKE OUT BURGER - 4\/5 - at the suggestion of the waiter, we tried this burger and so glad we did!  I loved the flavors on this burger.  I liked the pretzel bun much better than the torta bun too. It was a tad overdone and the BBQ sauce a tad sweet for my palate, but it was a pretty good balance for the rich meats. The brisket was so good, I wish I had some separately on my plate. You gotta try this burger!!!\nONION RINGS - 5\/5 - these were the big fat beer battered onion rings that are big enough to replace the patty on your burger. Could only eat one because they were so big!  \nFRIED COOKIE CUTTER - I am not going to rate this one, because it's unfair that I'm not a dessert person, nor do I like chocolate; however, my friend said it was 6\/5!  It looked very good...the fried Oreos. Reminded me of fair food back in Louisiana. I did sneak a small taste of the vanilla ice cream and raspberry sauce and that was yum!  \n\nOverall:  I really liked this place. Loved the ambience...loved the service...and the food was good. I can't give it a 5, since our burgers were overdone, but they were both flavorful. Don't come here when your on a diet...come here when you are ready to splurge on flavorful, yummy food with a topping of great service. :)