I came here with my brother on a Saturday evening for a quick dinner.\n\nI am all too familiar with this strip mall near the north west corner of Dixie and Eglinton.  This place used to be a Popeye's chicken and this place still strangely enough still sells something that looks like Popeye's but it's not Popeye's.  I'm assuming it is also Halal much like other options in this mall.\n\nThe last time I actually stepped foot in this structure it was still a Popeye's about 25 months ago I believe.  The decor has REALLY changed though.  The inside of this restaurant almost makes me feel like I'm at a would be Egyptian pavillion at Epcot Center or something along those lines.  There are hieroglyphics, Egyptian type works of art and even a small 3D model of the Pyramids of Giza along one of the walls.\n\nThey are working on making what looks like a stone oven near the east part of the building, left of the counter but there are stacked chairs there as well as stacked chairs at the west side exit\/entrance.  They've been open since last August I was told and there were only maybe another 2 or 3 parties in the entire place that can seat maybe 20 to 30 tables if I recall.  The place seemed rather empty and to me it seemed to be a shame.  I mean the parking at this mall was packed.  We actually had to park behind the buildings where the additional parking was because of the snow banks occupying space as well as it's generally just a busy evening I guess.\n\nChang and Huang had a sign saying they were closed for a couple weeks, Bamiyan Kabob was packed as usual.  Masamune has turned into KK Sushi I think (when did that happen exactly?).  Regardless this mall was pretty hopping but not many people in Cleopatra's.  \n\nThe menus are at the front counter and we glanced at it there before ordering where we had to pay upfront (Cash only sign at the register FYI).  Both myself and my brother each ordered a chicken shawarma plate which included salad, our choice of either rice or fries.  We both went with rice though I should have asked if we could have half and half.\n\nWe chose our table and sat for what seemed to be only about 5 minutes before the server brought us our food.  These plates with the food on it must have weighed at least 3 pounds each.  I was sort of shocked at the size of the portion with the plate order.  The salad which was a mix of lettuce, onions, tomatos, cucumber from what I can remember made up about a third of the plate.  Try to keep in mind that salad weighs almost nothing.  Still the plate weighed 3 pounds or more.  I actually lifted the plate to feel it... it was loaded.\n\nRice made up the other two thirds of the plate surface while all the chicken was placed on top of the rice.  So being that the meat is on top and not taking up it's on surface space on the plate this is literally a mound of food.  The restaurant could easily make this serving 1\/3 to 2\/5 smaller and size and it would still be a lot of food.  The quantity is almost ridiculous for the money.  I forgot to mention the food cost me 13.55 after tax.  The serving is literally enough for 2 adults .\n\nNeedless to say neither myself or my brother finished our meals there.  I had to ask for 2 containers so we could pack it up.  This is not really something either of us does when we order our own meals and it's not family style ordering.  This is how generous this restaurant is with their servings.  We (who can eat a lot, trust me) had to actually take the rest home.  \n\nEnough about the portion size... the food itself was above average but not the best I've had.  This is however a really good meal regardless of the portion size which is extremely excessive.  The chicken has a really nice flavor while the rice is not bland mind you we both added the hot sauce they provided which is a nice orange type out of a olive oil type tall bottle.  This house hot sauce was A1 and really complimented the flavor of the chicken.  The salad?  I'm not really a salad guy but this salad was crispy, chilled properly and fresh.  When it crunches and the colors are bright that is a good thing when it comes to fresh salads.  \n\nOne thing we noticed there wasn't a beef option for the plate or combo for that matter but there were beef dishes in other forms.  It would have been nice to get a taste of both but I'm not going to complain about having that delicious chicken.\n\nSo with the food being good and there being a ridiculous amount of it well this place will receive a solid 4 stars from me.  It's a full blown Mediterranean type cuisine that also has fast food style fried chicken.\n\nThis place deserves way more business than what I saw on that evening.  We'll be back considering I can feed both myself and my wife on one dish for sure.