Osaka Japanese Steakhouse, Mesa Arizona. What a poor excuse for a restaurant! A no star rating would be closer to the experience my wife & I had. We had a recommendation from an aquaintance and decided to try OJS for our 17th anniversary dinner. What an error in judgment. We arrived about ten minutes before our reservation and were promptly seated from there on it was downhill. Our server Ka#hy. greeted us and took our drink orders, ok so far, when she returned she took our appetizer order and asked if we knew what we wanted for our main course. We ordered and TOLD her that all our dishes should NOT come as one meal. Our first clue to the poor service was that our salad and soup came before the appetizer, then about five minutes later our appetizrers gyoza & yakituba, jalapenos & tender pork  (not) shoe leather is a better discription arrived over cooked, gyoza undercooked and not crisp. Once again, too fast, our main course was served. At this point I told Ka#hy, I was very upset that the meal had come, she offered to take it back to the kitchen and HOLD it for us. WTF hold it, you must be kidding! We ordered lobster! Ka#hy came by twice more once to ask if the food was good. When I replied\" just ok\" she showed no interest or concern (thanks for the customer service). I feel that  this all is partially my fault, two seven ounce lobster tails at a restaurant only $33.00( buyer beware), I should have sent everything back to begin with (my error).  As we were leaving I asked to see the manager,  I was told he was out on an errand, ( Saturday night at 7:00pm?). So I asked to talk to the person running the restaurant(surprise) they were on a business call and could NOT see me. Again WTF! I left my name & # received a call the next day from Tony? the GM, he asked about our experience. I told him the same thing I have written here and said I would NEVER go back, he offered me a gift card AFTER I told him\"I WILL NEVER GO BACK\" to the restaurant. I reiterated my concerns and once again he offered a gift card( are you listening?). Oh well. Maybe the restaurants reputation lays with the Teppan Kitchen? I can't say, we had table service because it was our anniversary. :(  \n\n Jeremy M. Goldman