The Imperial Pub has been open since 1944.  Generations of  Newman's have served countless visitors and habutees  of Ryerson Univesity and Yonge and Dundas. Above the Aquarium Lounge   is a  more casual pub (The Library)  a lovely Patio tucked into a corner overlooking the Square. The Backroom, on the main floor, offers a cozy cottage style bar that features live Jazz every Friday.  \n\n It has survived and prospered in the face of Soulless, Post Modernest Junk Architecture that has infected the area. \nI drives me freakin  crazy when people call this a dive bar. If you want a dive bar I suggest you search vice for have a drink at a real f---ing bar bar for once\n\n\n\n Mothermacs sits at the circular bar and watches the aquarium fish ad lib lines for the sequel to the Meaning of Life. You just don't know who you will meet. So the Imperial has everything Mothermacs Devours; great food, a wide selection of local beers and wine, a courteous mature staff and very comfortable atmosphere.\n\n I have eaten here a few times. Rick Newman has used his Chefs training to completely renovate the kitchen and revitalize the offerings.  They don't reinvent the wheel. They craft  lovely casual food using great ingrediants that are finely crafted and executed by the Crew In Black . They take such pride that I have seen them many times run the food to the servers so as to get it to the guests at it's peak.\n My first visit I had the Just-for- Fancy Burger.  A wonderful taste explosion of richness and texture. The avacado spread and the blue cheese engulf the pattie. Fresh   arugala added a nice bitter note to the big flavours. Like your ex - wife sharing your  birthday cake. The fries were perfect, seasoned and fresh cut.   It is a different, big flovour take on the burger.  The beef comes from the Enright Cattle Company   \nThe Imperial menu proudly states,\" our wild, line caught Nova Scotia Haddock comes from fisherfolk.   \n  My second lunch I had the  South West Chicken Breast  Sandwich .  A perfectly cooked, tender,  breast of chicken . A very,very generous portion. The bun was fresh and the guacamole and peppers injected both richness and heat.  Tried to order the salad but the fries were so good  the last visit.........\nYou need a big wine to go with these flavours.  I would go with the the Australian Shiraz ( Harvey River Bridge Shiraz)\nFor beer it would be the Boneshaker Unfiltered IPA (Amsterdam). Second choice the Saint of Circumstance Citrus-Infused Blonde (CAB) 4.7%