So I was holding off on reviewing because I didn't purchase a car from here but I was going to so I decided to write about my experience with this dealership. Originally I was in the market for an Audi but when I looked at the payments on what it'd be even with a 20K down payment I decided to pass. So a Jeep was my second option. On Memorial Day weekend I visited the Sahara Las Vegas Chrysler Jeep Dodge Ram dealership. I was looking around and one of the sales people came up to help me. I told him what I wanted and what I wanted to put down. Immediately he starts showing me cars. I find one I like and take it for a test drive. Drove beautifully. Then once back at the dealership he starts working on what he can do for me. First offer he gives me is an offer showing what my payments would be if I put 15K, 20K, and 25K down, well here's where the problems started. I told him I wanted to put between 5-10K down. And I told him that. He starts giving me some bs about the more money I put down the cheaper my monthly payments. Yes, I know this I say but he's pushing for more down payment at a 12.9 interest rate with a co-signer. So then I tell him I'm not buying right at that moment I'm just shopping around and he starts to get angry like I'm obligated to buy right then. Another weird thing is he asked me how I'd be making the down payment and when I said cash he started asking about the bills. Like would they be 20's or 50's or 100's that struck me as very odd because why the hell does it matter how I pay? Money is money right? So I told him 100's and why does that matter and he starts saying something about the IRS. Since I'm getting a bad gut feeling I'm ready to leave but he keeps stalling. Tells me to wait a minute and comes back with another offer. This time interest rate is 25%? Are you fucking kidding me? This is seriously the worst dealership ever. While I was in hell at the dealership I heard 2 other customers screaming at salesmen. I've never seen customers screaming at salesmen before like that. Take my advice and stay away.