Great addition to East Liberty!\n\nI had never been to Station Street Hot Dogs so I was excited to check out its replacement. After a Saturday at the mall of shopping with my daughter we were famished. My fellow Yelp buddy Rochelle H. told me about The Fire Side Public House just opening the day before and that they were doing a \"soft opening\" and that all of the food was comped as long as you bought a drink (pop, beer etc.) so my daughter and I high tailed it over there to meet up with Rochelle and her daughter and check the place out! \n\nUpon entering we were greeted and asked to be seated right next to Rochelle and her daughter. Surprisingly the place wasn't packed at all. A few seconds later Dane C. our waiter came over and took our drink orders. The concept of the restaurant is all about the wood fire grill that sits in the middle of the restaurant that everything is cooked on. They also specialize in craft beer. The menu consists of Small Bits, Wings, Wood Grill Items, Salads and Skillet served items for now will more items to be added once the restaurant is running at full capacity.\n \nMy daughter started off with the Beer Cheese & Bacon Fires (Fresh cut fries, Apple Wood Bacon and Smoked Cheddar Beer Cheese) off the Small plates menu and I went with the Smoked Chicken Nachos. (Apple Wood Smoked Chicken, tortilla chips, grilled corn, black beans, sour cream, salsa verde and avocado.) I also added a order of grilled Garlic Parmesan wings. A few minutes later our small plates came. Let me tell you that there is nothing small about the Smoked Chicken Nachos portions! It could easily feed two to three people! I only ate about half. My daughter loved her Beer Cheese Fries as well.\n\nFor our main dishes my daughter choose the Fire Side Burger (Grass Fed Beef, Apple Wood Bacon, pickles, White Cheddar, lettuce, tomato and onions on a Brioche Bun). I choose the Chicken Skillet Pasta (Chicken Sausage, fire roasted tomatoes, Basil infused cream, Pappardelle and Fontina Cheese). It was absolutely delicious! I took a bite of my daughters burger and let me just say that I was one of the best burgers I have ever tasted! I finally got my wings after my main food already came. It was the place's second night being open so I will cut them some slack. \n\nAfter we were done with our meals we had to try the desserts. My daughter ordered the Campfire S 'Mores (Fire Roasted Marshmallows, milk chocolate, and Honey Grahams cereal). I picked the Blueberry Cobbler. The blueberry cobbler was simply spectacular! My daughter must of loved her S 'Mores as she finished it before I could even taste it! \n\nDane C. took excellent care of was the entire evening and never let our glasses get more than a quarter empty before he brought us another Pepsi. My only complaint it that the wings need to come out a lot faster then there are now. I'm sure once the kinks get worked out that this will be rectified.\n\nI also had the pleasure of meeting the owner Robert Miller who also owns Sidelines Bar & Grille. He was very appreciative for my critiques,  ideas and feedback.\n\nI think the restaurants concept will be welcomed with open arms by the East Liberty community.