Food was very good and fresh, but it was waaay overpriced for the lousy service and incredibly small portions.\n$26 for a half portion of a vegetable bolognese pasta!!!\n$13 for a non-alcoholic cocktail that was mostly large cubes of ICE!!!\n\nIf you want a nice meal in a classy joint with GOOD service and decent portions, head over to B&B at the Venetian, any of the fine restaurants at the Wynn\/Encore resorts. OR if you really want the fabulous Strip view - go to Mon Ami Gabi or a Bellagio restaurant instead. \n\nAs foodie vegetarians, we are used to 5 star restaurants and paying for smaller portions of higher quality foods with stellar service, but this place took this to an extreme. We were intrigued by the lovely looking antipasto bar that is displayed at the front, and also because they profess to have vegan and gluten-free options. So on a slow Thursday night, we tried to use the online reservation system - but it was not working, so we dropped in around 8:00ish... They said they had no availability for the rest of the evening. Not even to wait for a table? They did not suggest the bar. But when we asked if they served food at the bar, they seemed as if they had never thought of this. And why... yes, they did. As we were guided to the bar, we saw many empty tables - WHICH by the end of our meal many were still were empty!!! And during this walk, not once did Scott?, our host, mention, that the bar did not serve the full menu.\n\nAfter we were seated, the menu seemed small by comparison to the food we saw displayed. We asked if there was another menu? We saw more selections up front. They said no, this was it. Later we learned after our meal - there WAS another menu, but they did not offer it at the bar. Being that the bar was so small (and there was only 1 other couple seated there - the place was half empty.), we were pretty incredulous that they would not offer a full menu at it.\n\nThe bar waiter seemed more interested in having conversations with the other bar staff then being a decent waiter. Several times we were sitting there trying to get his attention to get a water refill, get lemons, get bread, for a check, etc. only to have to flag down other bus and bar staff to get things accomplished.\n\nThe manager came over at the beginning of our meal and introduced himself, and again just before we left to ask how everything was. By that point, we didn't want to complain - we just wanted out...\n\nAfter dinner, we asked to see a dessert menu. the waiter said yes, and then never brought one over and or said anything else for that matter. Several minutes later, we asked again and he said, you have to wait to look at the dessert cart. I knew I had seen something on the menu posted out front that I wanted. I kept asking to look at a dessert menu and they kept saying there was none. Then I asked if I could look at the dinner menu again, and they asked me why!!!\n\nEventually one bus boy said, \"Well, I could go to the dinner table section and try to get you a paper menu. I said please do, but he promptly forgot and never did.\n\nAnother bizarre thing... I asked the dessert cart guy where the ladies room was. He said he would walk me over to it. I said, no thank you. Again, he insisted on walking me to it. I figured it really must be hidden or difficult to find? So he walked me over to the door in plain view just off the entrance. I did not require an escort.\n\nThe food flavor and quality was indeed 5 star, but everything else: 1 star.\nPASS.