Celine's last words at the end of her performance were, \"Tonight was not a new day, tonight was not really a new show. Tonight was a new beginning.\" Well, all I could say is - Welcome back, Celine, your audience has missed you dearly. Insert heart emoticon.\n\nI remember listening to my mom's CD tracks of Celine Dion in my room and just fell in love with her powerful voice. Back in the day, Titanic's \"My Heart Will Go On\" was in the #1 spot on the Disney Channel radio - and I would always look forward to listening to it because that was one of the ways I could get my mom to not switch back to her Chinese radio station in the car (hehe).\n\nDuring my recent Vegas trip back, I knew that I had to see Celine's show ever since she had announced her recent return. I looked up online news and saw that there has been recent changes to her song list, but the good old hit songs are still there, with new ones added as well.\n\nWhen you first see Celine on stage, everyone in the audience stood up for applause. You can tell just how big of an impact she has in the room. I'm not surprised that she's still got it and is rocking it! Her vocals are absolutely beautiful and stunning. This is one of the rare performances, where you would believe that the LIVE performance is much more riveting than the CD recordings.\n\nOf course, she sang my favorites (Power of Love, It's All Coming Back to Me, I Surrender, A New Day, Because You Loved Me) and some of them were placed in medley - although I wish she had sang those songs full length. But each song would send me over the edge of my seat falling even more in love as a fan. It was very touching that Celine makes her performances more intimate and invites the audience to see a glimpse of her personal family life.\n\nI sat in the Rear Orchestra area and the view was great. Any seat in the house, whether it's up in the balcony or up in the front or behind orchestra, you will have a great view of the stage. So definitely save up because it's well worth your money to see Celine. Did I cry tears of happiness? Oh yes, but I'm sure every other fan did too. \n\nThe finale encore performance of \"My Heart Will Go On,\" was perfect. I won't spoil it for you, but it had a great climactic moment. Overall, I was satisfied with the show. I wish Celine had sung full length versions of her popular hits, but other than that - I would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys Celine's songs.\n\nAnd I'll say it again: It's good to have you back, Celine.