I came here about a month and a half ago, and well me going around to boba places, I remember distinctly I would leave a review for this place for the future of boba lovers.\n\nThis place isn't so bad, it's actually pretty decent...IF you can handle watching the ONLY employee run around like a chicken without it's head...\nHere I am with a pretty decent group of people (about 8 or so) and I would say there were at least 4 other tables there. Ordered a thai tea with honey boba: thai tea, has a sweeter side to it than most thai teas that I've had; the boba? WAY too sweet? Do they drench it in honey? I see \"honey boba\", but whoa, how much honey is put into their boba storage. Also when I asked why the boba was a tad on the \"not so chewey boba side\" I was told they make it fresh daily before they open. Makes me think, \"I'm eating boba from 6pm, and it's 9pm, but their boba is already getting hard?\" In all, the drinks are okay to sit through.\n\nBack to the big group: here we are, our big group of 8. We walk in and the employee, blonde hair, pale skin, greets us, but she looks torn. She's running in heels (thank God they were short heels), just to seat us, which I feel terrible for. Where are the other employees? The two sitting under the TV were just sitting there, and to later find out that the \"two under the TV\" were the owners!!... I'm seriously freaking out. You are the owners watching your only employee run with it's head chopped off.\nHere I am sitting with my group, and honestly we weren't surprised our orders were taken late, and the fact that they came out late (about 20-35 minutes for all of our drinks to finish up). This worker is taking about 4 other big group table's orders, AND putting the orders in, AND sitting people as they walk in, AND running the drinks\/food. How crazy is that, she looked so exhausted and irritated taking the orders, in which I don't blame, seeing the owners just sitting there (on their laptops to be more specific). When they get up however, the guy owner makes the drinks, the girl owner helps out, and when she does make a drink, she doesn't even wash her hands, and her hair is way too long to be having it down like that in the bar. When the drinks are finished, they just go back to sit down on their laptops! Not even helping deliver the drinks.\nSo here my group and I are staring at basically the only worker (other than making the drinks part) feeling SO bad for her. She is half naked (girls are forced to wear lingerie here, which going through photos, they're all two pieces. Not cute, lingerie = baby dolls, garters, corsets, thigh highs, etc.; this idea of \"lingerie\" are just two piece matching sets.) running with all this stuff to do (to the fact the she is running around HALF NAKED, what makes people think that drinks\/food is sanitary? Sweat particles\/saliva from her deep breaths from running around is flying everywhere. DISGUSTING to think about), and having no help, my table wants to leave a decent tip for her. We were planning a decent amount, but then we found out that the owners take part in the tip. The worker greatly thanked us for our consideration, but asked us kindly not to leave a big one, like $2-$3 (total).\n\nI am absolutely baffled at how this place is up and running with the treatment I've seen with this one night on one worker. I feel bad for any girl who works here because truly this girl was just not having it, running around by herself doing BASICALLY everything. I can't imagine how it would be if she was making the drinks as well, probably the only great thing the owners did all night.\n\nOverall: drinks were okay, they're decent, worth trying\/stopping by, but not worth seeing one employee bust her ass off while watching the owners help (kind of) and know they take part in the tips.