My cousin loves this place. We were actually seated at Steak N Shake and we had this epiphany that we should go get sushi instead. So we got up and drove all the way up the I-15 to Osaka.\n\nWhen you enter, you're greeted by a blank wall. What is this - a Japanese Speakeasy? You then turn right and go through another door that takes you to a small sushi bar area. From this initial view, you'd think the place was tiny. If you continue to the back and left, though, you discover that the place can seat quite a lot of people. They have a Teppanyaki area and a surprising number of private booths and traditional looking Japanese sunken dining tables. The space is very aesthetically pleasing.\n\nUnfortunately, when it came to the food, I was disappointed. I really wasn't that hungry, but I tried everything that my cousin ordered. We stuck to their late night special menu that is available 10pm-2am.\n\n* Beef Tataki Salad - It looked amazing, but it lacked flavor. I think I've only ever had Beef Tataki at Ichiza and theirs runs circles around Osaka's.\n* King Crab Tempura - This was easily the best thing we ordered. Delicious.\n* Salmon Skin (half) Roll - This also lacked flavor. I'm kind of a purist in that I like to eat sushi exactly how the chef made it. I never use soy sauce or add wasabi. I stuck to my guns on this, despite the roll really needing the extra flavor.\n* Screaming Orgasm (ahi sashimi on top of some salad) - This also looked amazing. It had better flavor than the Beef Tataki, but I wasn't blown away by it. The dressing was a little too vinegary.\n\nOn the plus side, the service was excellent. The two ladies that served us were extremely friendly and attentive to our needs. The green tea tasted great and was the perfect thing on my still recovering throat. Whenever I was running low on tea, the lady would come back and top it off promptly.\n\nI really hate giving less than three stars, but I must stay true to the rating system. Indeed, I have experienced better. It's too bad because the service and decor of Osaka are top notch.