Can someone please explain to me how this chain of \"restaurants\" is still in business?  I just don't get it.\n\nOutback, for some reason I cannot fathom, is a favorite among many of my family members.  It is often chosen as the place to celebrate a birthday or some other special occasion, and each time it is, I dread the prospect of paying ridiculous prices for subpar food.\n\nOn this particular visit, there were multiple groups of people waiting for a table.  I pondered to myself, \"Why is this place so busy?\" After about 30 minutes, we were seated in a booth at the back of the place.  The waiter introduced himself, took our drink order, and scurried along.  A Bloomin' Onion was also ordered and we carried on our chatter as we anticipate the arrival of our deep fried tear-jerker.\n\nSome time later, he came back to take our order, and the onion came shortly after.  Why this particular appetizer is so popular is beyond me.  It's looks greasy, it tastes greasy.  The plate it was served on looked greasy too, but that's just the damn thing sweating from its hot oil bath.  My daughter in law asked if we could get some of that infamous warm bread, to which the waiter replied, \"The bread is served with the salads.\"  Really?  Is the kitchen going to spontaneously combust if the bread is served out of order?\n\nSoon our salads arrived.  They're fresh, they're tasty.  Three of us ordered the same salad; a wedge.  Two were very nicely portioned.  The third was about half the size of the other two.  Mind boggling.\n\nSalads are done, bread is gone.  Tick tock - tick tock - tick tock.  Here comes the \"food.\"  I ordered the Alice Springs chicken.  For those who don't know, it's a chicken breast with bacon, mushrooms, cheese and some mustard sauce.  The waiter drops this plate in front of me and it's hardly recognizable as a cut of chicken.  It's drenched in grease, and the fries served with it are cold.  I cut into it, take a bite, and I am unsurprised by the lackluster flavor.  It tastes just as greasy as it looks, but I'm hungry and I absolutely refuse to send anything back to the kitchen - we've all seen \"Waiting.\"\n\nDinner is complete, everyone at the table seems just as disappointed in their meal as I do.  I decide to share a desert with my grandson and order the chocolate thunder from under, or whatever it's called.  It takes 15 minutes to get it, and when we dug into it, we wished they'd kept it.  The brownie is dry and flavorless.  The ice cream has giant chunks of ice in it, like it had thawed and been refrozen.  My grandson knows no \"bad\" desert and delights in it.  I'm a chocolate freak - I DO know better, and I know that this dessert should never have been served like that.\n\nThere's only one person to blame for this mess, and that's the manager.  From forgotten requests to poorly prepared food, there just aren't enough chefs in this kitchen.