We got there on Sunday 10\/15\/17 at dinner time. There wasn't really anyone in the place, maybe 4 - 6 tables going. I was excited to see the sign of a establishment I practically grew up @ from Los Angeles. When we sat down, I noticed this was not even close to a deli feel. The floor is odd rubber, there wasn't anything \"deli\" related going on where the seating area is, like decor. On the table they have the standard condiments, but a yellow bottle of mustard that is actually deli mustard and you wouldn't know that unless you opened the bottle or squirted out the deli mustard and saw the brown seeds...\n\nSo looking over the menu, I was already told by a few fine folks that the pricing is very high for what is being offered. I noticed the pricing kind of on par with what Deli grub should cost, so I ordered my bowl of Matzo Ball Soup, a Pastrami Reuben with coleslaw. Wifey ordered a Turkey Sandwich with potato salad and a order of fries. Here is where the small issues start to happen.\n\nI understand the place is new, and maybe the Las Vegas residents working there don't know what deli life is like, meaning when a customer places a order with mods' you figure out the best way possible for them to get those mods at no extra cost or minimal cost. Adding on the fries was $4.50 extra or something, whatever that is fine...but when you order $4.50 in french fries you don't expect 10-12 long steak fries on a plate for $4.50 (or whatever it cost) and you expect the waitress to know instantly there is a up charge for the fries since its a side order.\n\nOur waitress was Cheryl. Nice lady. Unfortunately no deli serving skills. Talked to us with a very low tone. Usually deli waitresses are loud, personable, in your face with things. She was just to nice or not comfortable in the position she was in, not sure. I will get to that in a minute.\n\nMy matzo ball soup came, they give you 2 matzo balls with broth and cut up carrots and celery, no noodles. i didn't notice this, but i am use to ordering matzo ball soup and it has noodles in it, so i was kind of wondering what that is about. i asked Cheryl and her reply was \"we do traditional matzo ball soup\" so i looked up recipes for the soup and I guess it just depends on who is making it...with or without noodles, whatever. I did notice the broth was salty, we pin pointed it to similar taste of Lipton consomme. I did enjoy the matzo balls, but other then that, nothing to write home about.\n\nSo then the food came, presentation was nice, similar to deli style. There for sure was not enough meat on my pastrami reuben to satisfy the price they are asking. Just down the street at Bagel Cafe I can get the same sandwich and its like a sky high rolled with a huge amount of meat. Same issue with the turkey sandwich, there just was not enough portion given. The fries came, and like i mentioned earlier there was about 12 fries laid out on a plate that are long steak fries and half were under cooked or tough. I noticed on my rye bread that it was not evenly toasted. Only one half was brown then it just faded into not toasted. Stupid things like that annoy me when it comes to deli grub being served. I mean, you can't get toast right we are going to have problems.\n\nMy pastrami was very thick on the cut side. I didn't know it would be so thick. You need to really bite down to separate the bite from the sandwich. the coleslaw was from restaurant depot or a prepackaged coleslaw. the potato salad had a odd taste, not like potato salad.\n\nTurkey sandwich was same, not enough meat at all, salty quality and just nothing special at all.\n\nOverall the food taste and quality was very poor. I am not sure if they are cutting corners or what, maybe thinking Vegas residents won't know the difference I imagine so if that is the case then \"keep up the good work\". BTW, we never got our plate of pickles ;\/\n\nBut, that wasn't the only issues I had....Going back to what I mentioned earlier, there was maybe 5 or 6 tables going at dinner time on a Sunday. Where we were sitting there was our waitress, another server, and what I thought were 2 other waitresses and 2 young guys that I knew were the bus boys. I asked the waitress if the 2 ladies were waitresses also, and she said no they are bus ladies. My head snapped over....my response was \"you have 4 bus workers on the floor right now and you are filling up my empty water glasses?\", Cheryl didn't have a answer. The bus \"boys\" just stand at the front of the place looking around for things to do. Its not comfortable at all. My back was to the restaurant and you would have thought the place was package, but it wasn't.\n\nOverall 2 star thanks to the matzo ball (not the broth). No need to go back. Hopefully they step their game up, but I doubt it. very rocky start...I didn't even leave the review on the deli counter, I ran out of space on here...just think of it as walking into a Subway or Port of Subs...\n\ngood luck guys. Vegas odds are not in your favor right now.