I definitely do not want to give this place a bad review, but for now it does not deserve a completely glowing one either. \n\nFirst, the good: the location is a very short distance from UNLV, they allow pets with no monthly pet fees but a pet deposit (half of which is given back to you upon move-out), the rent is super cheap for a very generous amount of square footage, it is located directly across from a police station, they have elevators in every building and laundry rooms on every floor, all you have to pay is electricity, and the management office is SO helpful and nice. The management here is one of the main reasons I have decided to live here, and the maintenance people are also very friendly and helpful and putting in work orders is no problem. The grounds are also kept up extremely well and there is a cleaning lady in the hallways almost daily. The problem is that from moving day until now, a month later, a lot has been needed to be done to my apartment in order to make it livable. \n\nThe bad: they moved my apartment around a LOT before I moved. First I was in this building, then I was in this apartment, and so on and so forth. I called back once or twice after they assured me that the latest apartment they said I would be in was it, and asked for the address for finality. On my actual moving day, they told me I was in a completely different apartment in a completely different building. Me being a planner and organizer, this came as extremely bad news. I had ordered furniture and packages to be delivered, ordered checks, changed the addresses on everything I could and now it had to be changed again. 2 hours before moving. Without internet. And because of the change, I would have no power for my move-in weekend. Yikes. \n\nThis was a crazy inconvenience, but when I got to the apartment it was worse. There were so many little things wrong with it that it would take forever to list, the worst of it being the heavy pet smell. The management assured me they would take care of as much as they could in the time they had before I put my stuff in, and they actually did get a lot of it fixed. It was a very long list and as of now there are only a couple minor things to be looked at. After the smell had dissipated and I got everything to my liking, this hasn't turned out to be so bad. The neighborhood itself sometimes leaves things to be desired, but everyone who works here and lives here is fantastic. My neighbor is super nice, I get doors held for me a lot, and no one seems to have an attitude or anything of that nature. \n\nThis may not have been my dream apartment or where I thought I would see myself end up, but for now it is home and I am actually pretty pleased. Initially it was rocky and I am still a bit on-edge due to the surroundings being a female living alone, but they really have tried to help me make this the best possible place I could live in; the customer service can't be beat. I will have to update my review again once I have lived here awhile but I can probably foresee another star for them if all holds true.