The worse times to look for a place is always when you are out of town for a family event at the last minute.  In this case, it was my father's passing that has me looking for a place in Las Vegas to stay during the funeral service.\n\nMy first option since I had a dog was always Residence Inn and this has served me well the past two times I visited family in Las Vegas.  It provides a place for me to refresh with my partner without having to be in the same house with my family.  But the last experience soured me on the place.\n\nThen I checked out Staybridge on the last visit to see what type of place it was after discovering they allowed dogs for a pet cleaning fee less than Residence Inn (75 vs 100) non refundable.  25 bucks is still a big difference when you are trying to save your money.  Of course, what a surprise on the visit that made my decision for me.  Staybridge is relatively new but spacious and definitely a much better place than Residence Inn.\n\nBreakfast area is bigger, food choice more abundant including waffles, eggs, bacon, sausage, biscuit and gravy.  There were juices galore as well as soft drinks.  I truly believed I hit the jackpot in this place.\n\nFirst and foremost the cost was probably lower since its not peak season but what a price differnce from the RI which was charging me 127 vs 114 in Staybridge.\n\nThe small studio suite held newer appliances including the stainless steel dishwasher, refrigerator, flat panel tv. newer bathroom.  I can recommend this for anyone interested in a hotel close to the strip without being in the strip.  You can bring home food and reheat it later (incl microwave oven).\n\nAnd yes the personnel were also friendly at every turn from the front desk, housekeeping and breakfast area.  Food replenished during the breakfast period.  Also a nice setting for breakfast.\n\nThe hotel might not be cheap for those looking for a really cheap hotel but for those travelling for family reasons like I did for Vegas, this is highly recommended to check out and see.  It also has a nice outdoor pool (for the hot summers).  \n\nIf you travel without a car, there is a shuttle to the strip at least upto MGM which would be useful for those who don't want to deal with traffic in the strip.