ATTENTION HIPSTER DOUCHE BAGS: THIS PLACE IS NOT FOR YOU!! Yea that's right go to Mill ave or whatever place you go to that we've never heard of. This is my type of bar. I'm in my mid twenties and I hate Mill ave. I also dislike all the \"hip\" bars around town. My idea of a good time is hanging out at a chill place where there are cheap food and drinks and where the pretension is left at the door. I recently went to a Tempe bar where the service was abysmal. I had to interrupt the bartenders conversation TWO times. If I'm paying you money I don't want to have to wave my hands up and down for you to serve me. Especially when it's a slow night. I won't name names but suffice it to say that this bar is not the 'TOPS' at customer service. Back to Draw 10, I came in and used my Yelp check in which is a $5 pitcher of alcohol. $5! Normally they have this special on Tuesdays only but if you check in using your Yelp app you can have it any day of the week. So we got a pitcher of Vodka Tonic. Really good. We also came during happy hour. The best happy hour. Well drinks are $1.50! The happy hour food menu is great too. Another note here if you're a hipster foodie snob this place is also not for you. Typical bar food like $2 french fries and jalapeno tater tots. The biggest reason I will be back is the service. A lot of bars that are popular with the \"young\" crowd feel they have to have a young mentality towards customer service. For example acting bothered whenever putting in an order. Waiting around forever while they finish talking about where their stupid meaningless band is playing this week. Let me just say I went to Draw 10 on a Friday night and NEVER had to wait to put an order in. It was pretty busy and as soon as I walked up to the bar I was served. Incredible. The staff was very friendly as well. I do admit I live in downtown Tempe which makes riding to Draw 10 really easy. It's about  a 10-15 minute bike ride from Mill ave. I'm giving Draw 10 5 stars but I wish I could give it ten. It's nice to know there are still quality bars around that treat their customer's right.