So a few years ago I went to a party and had these Kabobs, not like the ones you put on the grill with some onions and pepers some REAL  kabobs!  OMG these were so good they have been in the back of my mind thinking about them for years now.  I FOUND THEM they are around but searching yelp for someplace different on the way home I ran across this place.  Let me just say I'm a pretty happy girl.\n\nI had a hard time deciding between the Gyro and the Kafta Kabob because like I said I had this at a party so I didn't know the name.  So I asked the front guy (I think he might have been one of he owners NICE guy) which he thought I should have, he said the Kafta kabob had more seasoning and flavor, who's going to argue with that, right?  So it comes with a small salad, a kind of pico salsa, lots of seasoned rice and a pita, Kabob oh and a mild hot sauce (very good).  The salad was fresh no icky pieces, nice.  A kind of pico salsa had a bite or two but didn't want to waste space for the main coarse.  The Pita was lightly buttered I believe with maybe a bit of garlic? not sure on that one but it was lightly grilled just slightly browned on the edges and oh so nice.  The rice Mmmm seasoned fresh long grain Mmmmm I took a bite with every bite of kabob so it left a lot less room for anything.  So onto the Kafta Kabobs Oh My this is a blend of beef and just a tiny bit of lamb for flavor a lot of people stay away form lamb because it is quite a strong flavor but you have to trust me on this one and try the blend it is light and adds so much to it, I loved it.  There is many others seasons but come on I'm not that good ;) \n\nSooo years after my kabob experience I have found it, the one.  \n\nThe decor is nice it is mellow you can watch the variety of people walk by.  The wait wasn't bad it is a small restaurant btw so if its packed and you don't have time you might want to move on (waited 8 minutes) but if you want food that takes time to taste good then wait.\n\nBTW again I had leftovers big portions and they have a yelp offer check in and get a free soft drink. \n\nI will be back for sure...