Oh, you fancy!  Or at least that's how I felt tonight.  What a dynamite Elite event this was.  I've been to Cullen Campbell's famed Crudo restaurant before.  But now Crudo has rebranded as Bar Pesce.  Cullen and his staff rolled out the red carpet for us in a big way on this night.  Tonight Hailey and the Yelp Phoenix crew invited the Yelp Elite Black and Gold members out for an exclusive event that included a free beverage from the bar and a prix fixe menu developed personally by Cullen for our group.\n\nOur first stop was the bar for a free drink.  I didn't catch the name of the drink, but it was a mix of a half dozen ingredients and had a grapefruit like texture.  It was an interesting mix, and one I happily took advantage of.  As part of our bar stop, we were served a yellowtail crudo with wasabi, olive oil, and shoyu (basically a type of soy sauce).  A smooth, delicious piece of fish that paired well with the drink.  Then it was onto the main event as we were sat together in the main dining room.  The four course prix fixe meal was paired with wines throughout and began with a pig ear and papaya salad and a straciatella.  The brininess of the pig ears melded perfectly with the shredded cheese.  The straciatella was covered in truffles and paired with charred housemate bread.  The straciatella spread easily on the bread and the truffles were an elegant, savory, luxurious addition.  Next up, steamed mussels with Chinese bing bread.  The mussels were tender, the broth was etherial, and bread soaked up that broth perfectly.  Next, Squid Ink Risotto.  I've had this dish before when this place was known as Crudo and its just as delicious and complex as I remember.  The squid ink not only imparts the dark color but also adds to the flavor of this dish with a spec of uni in the center for good measure.  To finish things off, a biscuit doughnut with caramel and a cookie crumble.  The doughnut comes with the doughnut hole included and the caramel adds the gooey sweet texture you'd expect.  A perfect finishing salvo.\n\nBig thanks to Hailey and the Yelp Phoenix crew for such an amazing, rewarding experience for the Black and Gold Elite Yelpers who've been loyally reviewing, commenting, and taking photos of local businesses for the last 5 years or more.  Tonight was unquestionably the most opulent, elegant, high end dining experience I've ever had at a Yelp Elite event (and that's saying something).  Chef Cullen Campbell was super accessible and interactive with the group all night and the food, presentation, and drink pairings were all excellent.  Thank you Yelp, thank you Cullen, thank you Hailey, and thank you fellow Yelpers for such a great night.  Can't wait for the next Black and Gold Soiree!