Strangely, I couldn't find the listing for the Tao Nightclub while I was in the club to check in. All I could find was the Tao Asian Bistro, which I'm assuming must be attached to the night club. Good to know that there is a separate listing for the night club. \n\nFor the most part, we had a great time at Tao. We got on a VIP list and only had to wait in a short line before being given wrist bands and led inside. Not only did our VIP status give us free cover and free drinks until 11:30 but it also apparently got us a table in the VIP section. Talk about an added bonus! Our group of five girls greatly appreciated having a place to sit and rest our high-heeled feet. We managed to get a couple of free drinks from the bar before it hit 11:30 and then we made friends with the table next to us to continue the party. It ended up being extra beneficial that we started chatting with the other table because our table became overrun with a rude bachelorette party while three of us were in the bathroom. Apparently, the bouncer refused to listen to our remaining two friends that we were coming right back and we basically got pushed out of our booth by these entitled girls who didn't know how to share. \n\nInstead of fighting, we decided to try the dance floor. Big mistake! The dance floor is tiny and so crowded that you're fighting to maintain your balance from being constantly pushed around. Not my cup of tea at all. I was about to leave when I bumped back into the people from the VIP section that we had been talking to. We told them that we got our booth stolen from us and they invited us back to hang out at their booth. Much better arrangement in the VIP.\n\nBasically, I learned two lessons. 1) Always get on the VIP list and arrive early to get a table and 2) Never let half of your group leave said table at the same time or it may not be there when you return.\n\nAlso, whose bright idea was it to put the women's restrooms upstairs? Drunk girls in heels climbing up and down stairs is a recipe for disaster. I've never gripped a hand rail so hard in my life.