I lived in Elizabeth Square Apts for a year and had the worst experience there than I have had anywhere.  I lived in Apt 412, overlooking the pool.  This is everything that's wrong with this building and company:\n\n1. TENANTS DO NOT FOLLOW RULES:\nFirst night people were having sex in the pool, ES did nothing.\nThere are drunk people who break glass in the pool and party throughout the night. \nPeople who don't live there hop the fence to party there all night, ES does nothing.\nHowever, they do have a \"courtesy cop\" that gets free rent in exchange for enforcing select rules (smoking outside after 10pm is considered loitering on your own apartment property and YES the cops will come for that)\nA girl PEED outside my door while her friend drug her down the hall. I reported that and the pee photo and the carpets were cleaned two weeks later. Yes, two weeks later.\n\n2. POOR NOISE INSULATION:\nWithin first month, 2 large breed dogs moved in above. What they don't tell you is the 5th floor is fake hardwood floors, not carpet, so if you live on the 4th you hear everything. I could hear the man above peeing in the toilet, so the dogs wrestling throughout the night was so loud. ES did nothing after two phone calls.  \nI woke up every morning I had off to my neighbor's alarm clock vibration. \nThe new tenant above me did lunges and KETTLEBALLS every morning at 5:30AM, ES did nothing.\n\n3.  COMPROMISED SAFETY\nI've had my cars towed and booted MANY times.\nRental car was towed even though I had a note saying I drove back arriving at 3am Sunday night and would register the car with the office when they were open (there is NO 24-hr service at this place).  By 6am it was towed.  All the visitor spots are taken up by tenants who don't want to pay $10 for extra parking.\nMy friend's car was towed after coming in for less than 30 minutes. This was 2am on a Saturday. We had to taxi it to North Charlotte, it cost $40. The tow truck driver who instructed us to go to MATHIS TOWING took 1.5 HOURS to show up so we stayed on a dark dirt road for 1.5 hours. Across the street was a mobile home park. When the tow truck drive arrived he had a prostitute in a fur jacket sit up from having had her head in his lap. It was seriously like out of a movie.\nThe tow truck comes every night between 1-4 am. I've seen a woman accompany the driver 3 times.  There's a flimsy deadbolt on your door and NOTHING else between you sleeping and tow truck man and prostitute who drive through the garage.  \nMany cars are broken into at night and everyone told me it was the tow truck service.\nMy car has been TOWED once and BOOTED TWICE with a resident sticker on my window because they can't see it at night with the tented windows.  After persistent emails to the regional director it was reimbursed.  However, there was an elderly man down there and a young lady another time in the office saying their car had been towed WITH A PERMIT DISPLAYED and ES did nothing.\n\n4. THEY ARE UNDERTRAINED\nUpon move out, my auto pay continued to auto charge me, after my lease had ended! I was overcharge $1300 out of my bank! They blamed it on me saying I never returned a paper to cancel it (the terminated lease wasn't sufficient I guess). Upon their investigation they found I had never been given the paper. Someone forgot and so I was overcharged $1300. They said it would take weeks to reverse because it had to go through a \"different department.\"  I said I would sue them, so the debit was immediately reversed. They were just lazy and didn't want to do that originally.  \nES makes threats in posted fliers around the building that are not legally substantiated, such as no standing in pool area or other public places after 10PM. \nThe staff engages in drug use. Yes, I've witnessed this in person.\n\n5. THEY ARE DISHONEST\nUpon move out I left my apartment spotless.  Fridge scrubbed, everything wiped down. As I was driving cross country with a cat (I was there for nursing school), when I had my car packed, I took a walk-thru video and left keys behind. I didn't schedule a walk thru because of its spotless condition, because I left at an hour when maintenance was not there, and because my friend who worked at the front desk had seen it and assured me my apartment was more than perfectly left.\nBAD BAD BAD BAD MISTAKE!\nI got a bill for $623.97 because they replaced all the fake wood floors and carpeting. \nThe catch? The carpet was 4.5 years old and ALWAYS gets replaced at 5 years. They had a girl who WORKED there move in. Because she signed a year lease the carpets would have to be replaced anyway. They took advantage of my not having had a walk thru to scam me out the money. An attorney told me I would have easily won it in small claims, but I would have had to FLY BACK. This is why ES did this.\n\nTHE CONCLUSION:\nMove anywhere but here. The fixtures and amenities are cheap and for people who want to look like they have money. Try Metro 808 if you like the neighborhood (which is a charm!)!!