This review is for their pet-sitting services only. It is more of a 3.5 star though than 3, but there is still the issue with half stars.\n\nSo we had to leave for a week and really did not want to overload relatives with sitting of our cat, so I finally decided to give this business a try.\nScheduling was pretty easy, it is done through their website where you complete a short questionnaire about your darling feline and shortly after you receive an email confirming the dates and giving you the name of you sitter.  You will also receive an invoice which you can pay by PayPal or to the sitter. The sitter will contact you to arrange for keys pick up and to meet the puss. During this visit you show around your place(location of food, litter, toys etc) and sign an agreement outlining the terms of service. I think it would have been a good idea for me to get the copy beforehand, I'm sure you can also request for it to be mailed to you when booking. Some main points in the agreement include the payment schedule and the emergency plan in case of illness (name and address of your vet, emergency contacts). What took me by surprise is that one of the points states that they are not liable for the loss of home or possessions in it, which basically means that you have to blindly trust the person you give your keys to...hm. \nIn our case everything was fine, no emergencies happened and I could tell that the cat has been well cared for, when we came back, there was still some food and a lot of water left in the bowls and the toilet was properly maintained. The shedding was minimal which indicates that the kitty did not stress much. My only concern and the reason for the star off is that our sitter was a smoker and I naively thought that pet sitters just like child sitters are supposed to come in a non-smoker package, apparently I was wrong about that and the next time will try to specify my requests accordingly. I also thought there would be more feedback during our away time, but I only got one email and only after I myself requested the status update. After we got home I got an email from the scheduler confirming that we are back and that the cat is not alone, which I thought was a thoughtful touch. Overall, I will use them again and recommend to others, as I hate begging in-laws for anything.