I'm probably biased with Makinos since that is like my favorite AYCE sushi joint there, but man I love this place...Anytime and every time I'm in Vegas, you know you can count on me visiting one of the Makino locations for sure!\n\nFor those of you who read my other Makino review (located in the heart of the LV Fashion Outlets), know that the variety of sushi at this place is just terrific!  If you were to compare Makinos to the likes of Todai, Onami, etc... I'm telling you Makino will blow it out of the water!  \n\nSo this Makino branch on Decatur'Flamingo is suppose to be the original Makinos that has set foot in Vegas.  For those who don't know, Mr. Makino was (I believe) the founder of Todai... then later when the quality was not up to par or as he has intended he decided to sell the chain and create Makino in Vegas instead to keep his sushi legacy going.\n\nSo let's get back on track to the sushi part of the story...  \n\nWhat don't you want? What can't you get?  It's got everything here!  6 different types of California rolls, 10 types of fusion rolls, 10 types of nigiri, and a few other deep fried sushi for those of you who loves anything fried... the best part about Makinos?  The menu is not set and it changes daily... so let the imagination creation run wide my sushi chefs!  (numbers are approximations but it is quite vast for sure!)\n\nI can't tell you which rolls are good but I'm a sucker for fusion sushi..  (I'm not all that into the good old traditional styles so you can definitely call me biased on that!)  So majority of them are all very tasty!  (I just skip those that has cream cheese in them because sushi don't taste right with cream cheese in my mind)  So try them all and let me know which is your favorite!  \n\nThen for those who are not keen on sushi there's a lot more you can work with!  They've got cold salad selections (about 5 kinds), assorted hot foods for you to choose from ranging from teriyaki chicken, sukiyaki beef, deep fried tofu, steam fish, miso soup, beef ribs, gyoza, fried rice, yakisoba, steam veggies, udon noodle soup, clams, mussels, tempura veggies, and my favorite of them all, the tempura shrimp!  (These shrimps are so amazing! and it would be worth it already if you just sit there and down about 50 of them!!!  LOL!)\n\nLastly, let's not forget about the desserts!  A decent selection of baked goods are available but the one of the tastier selection is the almond jello!  So rich in almond flavor.. yum!  And of course we can't forget about the ice cream parlor!!!  Red Bean ice cream is the way to go here!  Just simply delicious if you have never tried red bean ice cream!  (They also have vanilla, chocolate, green tea, and occasionally, a couple other flavors such as strawberry or cookies n' cream)\n\nSo for those of you who are sushi specialists and not really caring much about how much it would cost to have 3 tiny plates of sushi presented in front of you, this is definitely not the place for you!  However, if you are down for a good, tasty, and fresh AYCE sushi that won't break your bank, Makino's is highly recommend.  It does take a little drive out of the strip but compared to the usual buffets in Vegas, this is definitely well worth the quick sight-seeing trip!