Jess P. recommended I try this place out when I met her at one of the Yelp events. It's pretty nearby my boyfriend's house, but we've never really thought about checking it out until we heard about how great it is. I ended up going with one of my friends on a pretty hot day (perfect weather for frozen custard) and I ordered a Modest Modernist combo ($8.99) and Berriesoho masterpiece ($4.99). My total came out to about $14. It was more than I normally spend on this type of food for myself, but a third of the bill went to the giant frozen custard; more than enough for two people. \n\nMy combo came out fairly quick and my first impression was that the meal looked pretty boring and a little dry. I think I'm just so used to going to burger joints that have all kinds of sauces spilling out of the burger when you take your first bite (kinda like a Carl's Jr. ad). However, when I took my first bite, it was like instant love. The reason why I chose the Modernist is because I love anything with mushrooms or avocado and this burger had BOTH along with Swiss cheese, tomato, and chipotle mayo added into the mix. The burger was just exploding with all kinds of goodness and they didn't even need a bunch of crazy sauces to make it taste so delicious. The fries were cooked to perfection; perfectly crisp and fresh, just how I like them.\n\nI actually ordered my frozen custard after I finished my burger because I figured it would melt if I just had it sitting there while I ate my meal, but I ended up inhaling my burger in a matter of three minutes, so that was pointless. It was weird because the frozen custard took longer to come out than the burger did and I would think it'd be the complete opposite. Since I got it \"Masterpiece,\" all the ingredients were just blended together. The other option would be to get it in sundae form, but I guess I was feeling \"artsy.\" It was my first time ever trying frozen custard, so I don't have much to compare it to, but boy was it fantabulous! It was very smooth and not too sweet. I was pretty full from the burger already, but I'm pretty much a glutton for any type of dessert and ended up eating half of it. I put the other half in my freezer the second I got home so I could have some in case of a withdrawal.\n\nTips\n*The Entertainment book has a few bogo coupons for Create (at least the 2011 edition did). \n*Sign up for their mailing list. I don't know if you can sign up online, but you can definitely sign up in the restaurant. \n*Get a Masterpiece!\n*Check out the menu online to decide what you want before going because it can be pretty overwhelming