I visited the Mercedes-Benz Northlake for the first time today with the anticipation of purchasing a vehicle.  When I walked into the dealership I was greeted by the assistant who mentioned that all of the sale representatives were busy helping other customers.  I told her I didn't have a problem waiting in the lobby.  Meanwhile, another couple walked into the dealership shortly after me.  After waiting in the lobby for a few minutes, I asked the assistant if it be ok if I walked around the lot to look at the vehicles.  She said I could and would direct the sales representative to come outside to meet me.  She also provided me with an overview of where to find the new and pre-owned inventory.  \n\nI spent about 8-minutes walking around the lot when I noticed the couple that came into dealership after me being helped by a sales representative.   As I proceeded back into the dealership I was then greeted by another employee who mentioned that a sales representative was on his way to meet me.  I then mentioned that I was a bit taken back to see the couple who entered the dealership after me receive immediate service.  He said, \"I apologize for that, but we have been slammed all day.  I guess people are coming out to shop for cars given the nice weather\".  So I told him that I would wait another minute or so.  He then walked back into the dealership and I waited for another minute and then spoke to the assistance.  I told her that I wasn't waiting any longer because I had been there for nearly 10-minutes.  Not to mention the couple that came into the dealership after me received immediate service.  She said, \"I completely understand.  However, the sales representative that is helping that couple was instructed to come to see you.  He decided to assist the couple instead.  I mentioned this to my General Manger so he is also aware.  I apologize that this happened to you, but we do have someone who is available to help you\".  I told her, \" I appreciate you being candid with me and all of your help.  I came into this dealership today with the anticipation of purchasing a vehicle.  However, my customer service experience doesn't meet my expectation and for that reason I've decided to leave.  Again, thank you for all your help\". \n\nI am sharing my experience and hope that it brings awareness to the sales team at the Mercedes-Benz Northlake to treat all customers fairly.  I've also contacted Hendrick corporate and have issued a complaint.