I used to love this place. I'm not sure what happened but every single time I've gone it's proceeded to get worse and worse. \n\nI invited my friend from across town tonight to experience his first hibachi and I'm almost embarrassed. 1st off, management has this place very understaffed. Almost all the grills were going and they had two servers to serve the entire place. The poor waiters were running around with their heads cut off. It wasn't their fault for the issue but because of the issue the service was TERRIBLE.\n\n1) Our salads were brought out about 20 minutes after ordering and they didn't bring enough for our table. He apologized and ran back to the kitchen but got side tracked serving every other table that the salad was forgotten about. \n\n2) Our soup came out when the chef was cooking. The waiter couldn't keep up, not by his fault. \n\n3) Our drinks weren't filled. He didn't have time. \n\n4) Our chef was speaking Spanish almost the whole time he was cooking to the Spanish speaking group at our table. I love myself a group of Spanish speaking people but when I'm paying $22+ plus for my \"show\" and dinner I'd like to know what's being discussed...\n\n5) Our check came about 30 mins AFTER we were all finished. My group and the other group literally sat there looking at each other and looking around for our waiter that was slammed with other tables. Then you sat waiting for another 10 minutes for him to come back and get our cards to run them.\n\n6) 18% gratuity was automatically put on BOTH groups check. I had a group of 4. They had a group of 5. I'm sorry. The service was horrible. The food was mediocre. The poor waiter totally didn't deserve a $20 tip and that wasn't his fault at all. Since when did a party of 4 start getting billed for service too? SUPER TACKY!\n\n7) When you walk in there's giant signs posted everywhere about how they longer take gift cards and refuse to take some coupons or something. It screamed unfriendly, cold, and you're about to get charged a ton of money for a bad experience but we don't get a crap... NO DISCOUNTS! \n\n8) My 12 year old twins were told they were too big to order off the children's menu so their dinner was $10 more each. The menu says 12 and under. Do I need to start bringing birth certificates with me to prove my age when I order steak and shrimp?\n\nThis was probably our 10th time attending and will be my last. Just avoid the place at all costs. You're better off running to Panda for some fried rice and orange chicken down the street, or better yet.. grab a burger from Freddy's in the same parking lot. Save your $150 and run into Best Buy next door and buy yourself something worthwhile. They clearly don't care about the reviews being left here either. It really says a lot and I wish I had read these before I came home so angry that I had to take the time to warn others.