The Melting Pot probably deserves 3.5 stars, but I'm hoping my next visit will bump it up to 4. \n\nIt is definitely hard not to like this place. Matt T. said it well that this is a \"dining experience\". I've had meals here that have taken hours, but it's also quite nice to stop in for just cheese and chocolate. (They have a Mon.-Fri. happy hour here where you can get cheese and chocolate courses for $5 each...but you have to sit at the bar.)\n\nI am the person who is obsessed with cheese and I think almost everything tastes better with cheese somewhere in the mix, so I always look forward to the cheese course.. I am proud to say that one thing I can actually make at home is my own cheese fondue. It's not cheap to eat at The Melting Pot, but it's not cheap to make on your own either. The one difference is that I think mine tastes slightly better (maybe I'm just partial). The flavor is interesting, but always seems to be missing something. Worth $16? Probably, but certainly doesn't blow me away.\n\nThe dessert is a bit more impressive. A variety of sweets dipped in rich chocolate is always delicious. The Melting Pot provides strawberries, brownies, banana, marshmallow, cheesecake, pound cake, and Rice Krispies Treats to dip into your choice of chocolate. It is heavenly! However, I wish they also offered pineapple. \n\nEating the full four course meal here is definitely pricey, but I like that you can cut corners and find ways to make it cheaper. The service is usually quite good, but recently I found that mine was just okay. The managers often make their way around to check on tables which is nice. The atmosphere is most definitely dark and romantic. My boyfriend and I were once given a private booth (with a drawn curtain) which was really nice, but also kind of weird. Our server had to knock before she opened the curtain every time....what are they suggesting goes on in those booths? Apparently it's The Melting Pot\/Peep Show. \n\nI always get excited when making a reservation to visit, but I usually leave feeling stuffed, but slightly underwhelmed.