Best Beignets in Arizona! My son, daughter and I had a wonderful time at Flavors of Lousiana yesterday. \n\nAmbiance: Mural style decor echoed dining in a shack by a bayou. Zydeco music was playing and diners were transported to Louisiana.\n\nCajun Fries with Bacon: Delicious thick spiral fries excellently fried, generous amount of cheese (mozzarella and cheddar blend) melted over the fries, topped with delicious bacon and sprinkled with Cajun seasoning. My mouth is watering just remembering the taste.\n\nCajun Ranch: Thick and creamy with a little kick. We enjoyed this with our Fai Do Do: Pick 3 Appetizer Sampler: Double Order of hushpuppies and fried pickles. The hushpuppies are crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside. They were of generous size and are served with butter. I liked them, but there is one place with a more seasoned batter. My daughter enjoyed the fried pickles, but we agreed that they were too wet and the batter did not adhere to the long pickle slices as well. The Fai Do Do also comes with a dijon mustard based remoulade that was as popular as the Cajun Ranch dip.\n\nBEIGNETs!!!! Served right with honey......mmmmmmmm so good. We all agree that we could come here just for the Beignets! I miss my beignets from Cafe Du Monde, but these were really nice sized fried dough, topped generously with powdered sugar, and honey, don't forget the honey. Such decadence!\n\nSausage, Red Beans and Rice: Andouille sausage pieces with red beans and rice. The red beans were nicely seasoned. I was impressed that the sausage was crispy and had a nice chew to it. Texturriffic!\n\nDunkin' Catfish with Crawfish Etouffee: Perfectly seasoned and fried catfish with creamy crawfish etouffee. The crawfish could have had a more al dente bite. The etoufee was on the spicy side, but almost as tasty as my favorite restaurant in Louisana. I am just grateful that I can take care of my Louisiana cravings here in the West Valley!\n\nSeasoned bread: The Dunkin' Catfish and the Red Beans and Rice came with delicious buttered and seasoned bread.\n\nFriendly Service: Our server was amazing! She happily refilled our water, brought more Cajun Ranch and brought us sturdy plastic containers for our leftovers. Sometimes, there was a little wait in the kitchen for our food to cook, but the food is worth the wait. You cannot rush the love in cooking.\n\nWe will be back for Cajun Fries, Cajun Ranch, Beignets and next time, I am ordering fried fish and gumbo! If you want to go exotic, try the gator.