I have been remiss on giving a big shout out and thank you to my friends at Banger Brewing for making me feel at home during my recent vacation in Downtown Las Vegas. Like Chicago Brewing Company, Banger Brewing was a home away from home during my 5-day stay in DTLV. The staff here are phenomenal people, and are dedicated to the love of craft beer.\n\nBanger Brewing is located next to Heart Attack Grill at the Neonopolis end of the Fremont St. Experience. Unlike the other microbreweries Downtown, Banger is a straight brewery. They serve beer, beer, and nothing but beer. OK, that's not entirely accurate - they do sell locally-made gourmet popcorn as a snack\/palette cleanser - but you get my point. I'm no stranger to places like this - they're common in the DC-area - but some of the tourists didn't quite get the concept of craft brew. But the \"beer hunters\" - both locals and tourists - were finding their way to Banger Brewing.\n\nThe brews here are fantastic. They do a great stout (Simply Stout), IPA (Hoppy Ending), weissen (Weisse So Serious), and Black IPA (Black Eye PA). But the one that stood out for me was El Heffe - their Jalapeno Hefeweizen. Typically I float around the different beer types at craft breweries, but when there is one that stands out so much that I put it on my list of all-time favorites, I stick with it. And I had a LOT of El Heffe during my three visits to Banger Brewing. The jalapeno flavor is roasty rather than spicy, and balances perfectly with the notes of the hefeweizen. They also have three guest taps which were rotating with selections from other local breweries, but when El Heffe hit my lips, there was no getting me off of it.\n\nThe Banger team really took care of me on my last night in town. The day before I bought a Banger shirt to supplement my clothing supply because my flight back to BWI was cancelled due to weather. I sported it around DTLV the next day (see my new profile picture) and the staff treated me VERY well that night for all of the free advertisement I gave them. A special thanks to Chris, who showed me the pleasures of late-night Sigma Derby at The D and kept me out WAY too late. \n\nBanger Brewing is a great local craft brewery and a great addition to the Fremont St. Experience. I'm looking forward to my next trip to Vegas and my next visit to Banger. Cheers guys! (and gals!)