Let me paint you this horrific picture. Came in here with a party of 20 for my girlfriends birthday and was sat in one of the back rooms. we pretty much took up the entire room. We were all told we all had to do either AYCE or order off the menu individually. a few of us didn't want to eat but since we were being forced we all chose AYCE. my boyfriend and I ordered 4 rolls and a large sake. after about 30 minutes of not receiving either (a few friends still hadn't received their orders either at this time) we went to the bar to grab our sake. there was no bartender so we stood there for about 5 minutes and finally someone came up. we told her about the sake and supposedly the waitress never put in the order so we bought a large sake at the bar. the sake bottle looked pretty small but we took it anyways. come to find out she gave us a small sake bottle instead of the large that we paid for. when we brought this to our waitresses attention she ROLLED HER EYES and walked away... dude wtf. she never retuned with our right sake and she never returned with our food. when we asked her where our sushi was, this is what she had to say. \"Listen there are 20 of you, if you know anything about the service industry you would understand this is a challenge\" I honestly was so shocked this left me speechless. Myself and 3 other friends never received a roll, and when we got the bill she had added auto gratuity. I have never in my life asked for a auto grat to be taken off but this was an exception. i asked her too and she said she couldnt, the computer didnt \"work that way\" when i advised her I am a bar manager and i know damn well its against the law to force someone to tip you she walked into the back and never returned. we paid our bill (the large hot sake we originlly ordered was on the bill also btw) and left. When i got home i called to speak to a manager becuase i was FUMING. we were told there was no manager present. I will never retun to this establishment. what a scam.