What legitimate business in the food industry does not accept credit cards in this day and age, or at least have decent signage for it right as you enter? Apparently that place is Sam Woo BBQ. My friend took a wrong turn on the way to Firefly and we ended up in Chinatown and she took me here saying it was decent. The bitch lied. \n\nWalking in my appetite was immediately turned off with the hanging poultry and pigs in the entrance, but we carried on because we had a limited amount of time to eat with very limited options around. The place was dead which should have been a sign, but we got seated immediately but the decor was very.... off. I felt like I was in the 90's, maybe late 80's with the outdated surroundings. They did have hot tea that was waiting for us which was nice on the cold day, but this was essentially the only luxury we would be afforded. \n\nNot much to be had for the vegetarian set, but I got some mixed vegetable fried rice for $9 freakin' dollars. Granted it was on a huge plate, but I expected a mountain of vegetables with my rice. I could hardly find any damn vegetables in the entire thing. Not okay. My friend got a pork fried rice dish which she said was okay, but that was $9 as well. Two people eating just fried rice with a bill of $18. A bill of $18 which could only be paid with cash as we found out. And you know where the closest ATM is? All the way back in the Chinatown mall. It took my friend 5 minutes to run out and run back in. This had to be a joke, or maybe a conspiracy with the ATM people. We left a $20 bill and got the hell out of there, the service did not even try to exceed minimum expectactions.\n\nI was thinking about giving this place two stars because we did get seated quickly and the food didn't completely suck, but the experience sucked enough that I know I will never come back and there was no way in hell a very simplistic plate of VEGETABLES AND RICE costs $9. Also, they really should have decent signs or tell you BEFORE you sit down and order that it is cash only, something I have not heard in about a decade or so. And then on the way to class, my stomach was NOT happy. 1 star for you, you time-warped cash-only poultry-hanging freaks.