Three weeks ago, I ordered a one bedroom set from Castle Furniture Rental and fortunately had it delivered a matter of days later. That's when the problems started. Minutes after the drivers left, I walked in to find that absolutely nothing that they delivered was as shown on their website. I also found out that the glass ends tables I was expecting had been delivered, but were broken by one of the drivers and replaced with horrid wooden tables. I immediately called the office where Diane explained to me that there are variations in all of the packages, even though that was never mentioned on the phone, website, or in the contract. The next day they were able to replace the wooden tables, thankfully. As for the rest of the furniture, they told me to call back two weeks later to see what the had in inventory.\n \nTwo weeks later I called (on a Wednesday), and Diane said she would get back to me by the end of the day. I didn't receive a call Wednesday, Thursday, or Friday. I didn't have contact with them again until Monday when I had to call back. Luckily, Lynn answered the phone, found the right furniture for me, scheduled delivery for two days later, and waived the delivery fee for me for the inconvenience.\n \nSo two days later (after waiting 2 1\/2 weeks) they FINALLY delivered the right furniture for the bedroom. After the drivers left, I walk into my bedroom and see a 1 inch by 1 inch hole that goes straight through my wall. I immediately called the office and informed Diane that the drivers had put a hole through my wall. She had me send pictures and sent the drivers back to also take pictures. An hour later I get in contact with the store manager, Chris. She tries to find ways to put the blame on me and claims that the drivers are not responsible for the hole. She said the best she can do is pay for half of the fee to repair the hole, leaving me responsible for taking care of the damage they put in my wall. After the phone call, I contacted my apartment's management office and they're having someone come over today to survey the hole and see how much the repairs would be. But that's not all.\n \nToday I told my friend what had happened, and she called Castle Rentals to get a number for a corporate office from them. Lucky for her, Chris picked up. My friend recorded the call and Chris was nothing but extremely rude to her and claimed that she doesn't want to do business with me anymore, and that I've been nothing but trouble from the start. She also told my friend that it was none of her \"damn business\" and it's not her fault for what happened with the whole or the tables or the miscommunication. She also refused to escalate the situation to someone higher saying she was as high as you can go. Well according to the records online there is another owner that I am sure Chris reports to but she refused to let either of us have a corporate number or her managers number. Instead she argued and belittled. The WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE I HAVE EVER HAD! \n\n She finally agreed to pay for the entire hole and return my money but that took place after her name calling and accusing me of lying.  A resolution has somewhat been reached, however the road to it has been completely mind blowing and infuriating, due to the extreme rudeness and inconvenience that this company has given me.