I've been a customer of SRP since July of 2007 when I had to get electric service put in my name.  I fell in love with them from the start, and have nothing but awesome things to say about them.  \n\nFor starters their rates are much better then APS from what I have seen.  They have a variety of pricing options and plans for everyone no matter what your circumstance.\n\nI personally have M Power and wish this feature was in Michigan where I moved from back in 2005.  Why?  because I can monitor my electric usage, and it saves me tons of money.  Did you know that people who use M Power use 20% less electricity then those that recieve a bill?  Why? Because you can monitor it all the time!  Plus, there's no bill!  I keep quite a high balance on my M power machine since electricity during the summer is much more expensive, and the winter months are cheaper on the electric bills and pocket book.\n\nDuring the summer of 2010 (June through August), I found myself unemployed after getting downsized at my job of 5 years.   I was lost, and worried about finding new employment, and while I waited it out in the summer heat, I called SRP to see if there was anything I could do to save money on my electric bill while I found a new job and received unemployment.  They told me about a plan for people in my situation that allows people in my circumstance to receive a $17 monthly bill credit for up to 12 months while I find a new job.  You don't have to pay the $17 back, and when you go to the SRP machines to put money on, you receive the credit at the beginning of every month.  I did that for 3 months, and even though I keep a high balance it was the peace of mind knowing that they had my back.  (that was a total of $51 over the course of 3 months in electricity credits!  especially in July, thats like 2 free weeks of electric!)\n\nI also had an outage in September of 2010 due to a meter problem.  I had a new M power box at my door within the hour, and a service man was at my door within 2 hours of that!  SRP completely handled the situation, and got me back up and running between the time I got home from work and the time I went to bed. Plus, their customer service people are always so nice and friendly.\n.\nI wish other states and electric companies would model themselves after SRP and how they run their electricity business.  So many options with pricing! I also LOVE M POWER. If other states would even pick up something like M Power, we could save so much energy!\n\nKeep up the good work SRP, and you always make me happy!