The BEST buffet in Vegas! Don't agree? Check it out for yourself and you can thank me later.\n\nFOOD. \nI'm not a fan of buffets, except for the ones in Vegas. My favorite buffet before I went to Bacchanal was Wynn's \"The Buffet.\" I thought that one was delicious (still is), but Bacchanal takes the cake on this feud. Where to begin... I guess I'll start from end to end.\nStarting from the very right side of the buffet, there is a huge display of Asian food of all types. Chinese food includes a variety of stuff, like honey walnut shrimp, beef and broccoli, fried rice, you name it. Next, there's a ton of dim sum options to choose from like steamed pork bun, shrimp dumpling, pork shumai, and more. There's congee available (with all the fix ins!) and miso soup. There's also fresh sushi and rolls available. My favorite is the salmon and the California rolls with fresh tuna and salmon sashimi on top. There's a chef available to make yakisoba and mongolian style noodles, as well as ramen! YES, there's RAMEN! \nThen, there's a salad bar with a ton of stuff (I didn't go there, obviously since I don't know much about it) and a huge display of breads, cheeses and salami style meats. Also, there's a section just for olives... fancy. \nThere's an Italian section with a variety of pizzas on one side and then pasta on the other side. I realllllly liked their Pasta Carbonara. Randomly, in the middle of the pizza and pasta, you can get HOT CRAB cooked and sliced down the middle (no cracking)!\nThere's a Mexican station with a bunch of stuff and a taco maker! You just tell the person what kind of meat you want and the toppings you want. They also have a fresh juice section where they have pineapple, guava, mango juice, and horchata bottled for you to enjoy.\nThe American food section has sliders, hot dogs, mac and cheese, fries, sweet potato tater tots, mashed potatoes, variety of veggies, prime rib, brisket, ribs, you name it. The selection is huge. Then there's the cold seafood section with crab, shrimp, oysters, everything.\nMy FAVORITE part of this buffet is their dessert section! They have a CREPE MAKER! One time, I downed three of these in one visit. 0 shame here. They also have mochi ice cream in just about every flavor, gelato, cheesecake pops, cake pops, brownies, cookies, cakes, and more. They offer gluten free and low fat options too, but don't get those... if you're dieting, don't come to a buffet.\n\nSERVICE. \nI haven't always had the best service here, but on my most recent visit, I received excellent service by a Filipino man who was our waiter! He refilled our drinks constantly and took away our plates. He was kind and extremely quick to do things, which I really appreciated.\n\nPRICE. \nAbout $50-$60 a person... typical for a Vegas buffet. Rest assured, this place is definitely worth the money as long as you come hungry!\n\nIt's not a Vegas trip unless I come here. Until I find a buffet better than this one (unlikely), I'll be coming here every time I'm in town.