I tell you what you missed if you didn't attend the Harvest Moon Festival:  James Barker's performance, the beyond best value possible samples and inexpensive farmers' market produce and bakery.\n\nJames Barker was AMAZING!  I uploaded a video clip for you to check out.  His voice was clear and smooth.  The acoustic guitar play was country style superb.  People sat there to listen, chatted and drank beer.  It was so laid back that I couldn't believe it was a weekday evening.  Maybe I should check out country style live performance on a weeknight more often.  A LOT MORE.\n\nThe general admission came with 4 sample vouchers.  Between my BF and I, we tried out two craft beers from Manantler and Arch, two wines from Harwood, one hard cider from County Cider, sirloin beef with pineapple from Touro Churrascaria, lobster roll slider from Earl of Whitchurch, dessert from Smokery Kitchen.  Let me ask you: when was the last time that you paid so little for a lobster roll slider?  The sirloin beef spared no expenses.  The smore tasted so rich.  The beer, wine and cider makers are indies, but their products tasted bold and full of individual personalities.  I truly believe that these vendors aimed to impress us to visit their establishments instead of making a profit on site.\n\nOn my way out, I bought some tomatoes and butter tarts.  Of course they were fresh and delicious.  The surprises were their prices.  It costed $8 for a package of 12 mini butter tarts, $4.50 for a basket of perfect tomatoes, and $4 for a small container of grape tomatoes.  If you remember prices like I do, you would know that these go for an average $1 more each at various farmers' markets in Markham.  I am seriously considering driving the extra distance to Stouffville to do my local farm produce shopping, considering Markham is just south of Stouffville. \n\nWe had a good time at the Harvest Mood Festival.  I sure hope it will return next year.  I will clear my schedule and some space in my fridge (for the produce) for it.