*Sigh* \n\nI can hardly believe it, but I finally ate at Pizzeria Bianco, one of America's most famous and highly rated pizzerias. \n\nAfter 5 different and failed attempts to try a slice of Oprah's favorite pizza, I contemplated a plan to get in by calling on behalf of a cancer stricken girl with only a month to live and one dream: To eat at Pizzeria Bianco. \n\nInstead, I took someone's advice and made sure I got there early on a Friday night. And when I say early, I mean not early enough because at 3:45pm, there were already 50 people ahead of me. Estimated wait time? 2 hours!!! And did I mention I got there at 3:45pm and his doors don't even open until 5pm? \n\n2.5 hours later...to be exact, I was seated. Browsing through the simple menu, I decided to start with the Spiedini. The Italian Fontina cheese wrapped in Prosciutti was a little too rich for me. As for the pizzas-did you catch the plural? I decided to order all 6, yes 6 of the listed pizzas. \n\nI figured the chances of me waiting another 3 hours to get into Pizzeria Bianco were slim to none so I better order all of them and get it done! Efficiently, with the help of my BF, we finished 4.5 26\" pizzas out of the 6 pizzas in one seating (the Margherita, Marinara, Rosa, Sonny Boy, Biancoverde, and Wise Guy). Told you I could throw down :) The tables beside us were either disgusted or shocked. Out of the 6, my favorite was the Marinara pizza. It stole my heart with its boastful, yet simple flavors of just 3 ingredients-tomato, garlic and oregano. The Rosa was my least favorite because of the overwhelming amount of onions. Being a meat lover, I was disappointed with the protein shakes...I mean pizzas. They were Hoover-daming and drenched with oil. Not sure if they're always like that or if it was just our order? I prefer my pizzas to be moist, not drenched. \n\nOverall, Pizzeria Bianco has amazing dough and tasty pizzas. I don't think it lives up to its hype taking into consideration the ridiculous wait time and my hunger pangs. But it IS an experience-to be able to try such a famous restaurant located in our own backyard. I'd return...as long as someone else stands in line. I've already taken one for the team.