I'm on the fence with these guys, in referring them that is. I do want to mention that I did eventually buy a car from them and the car has ran fine. I had the vehicle for about  4 months. And on top of it Steve did make things better before our sale was closed. \n\nHere is what bothers me or here is my story in dealing with Steve and this business. When I first got there I walked around their lot for awhile checking out the cars. I eventually found a car that seemed decent but after walking around for about 30 minutes no one came out., not even to say get lost. It's pretty much a one man or the most a two man operation there so if they are busy, you'll just have to wait your turn or come back another day like I did.  \n\nWhen it came time to talk about closing the deal, Steve's pretty quick putting you through the process and not really explaining in detail, so you have to stop him constantly along the way. One other odd thing was he never really looks you in the eyes when he's talking. \n\nIt was a weekend, we did the credit check dance, told me he'd call me back during the week when the banks are open. One bank turns me down because the miles are too high on the vehicle. The other was a credit union that gave me a 3.0 interest. Moving on, during our weekend discussion about the car there were some items I wanted checked, the shaky front suspension, air bag light, front headlight, trunk opening issues. So he says my guy will look at it and I'll get back to you Tuesday (his mechanic works onsite). Well for one reason or another his guy is not getting to it, 2 weeks of constantly emailing and checking if the car was read and \"I'm getting a little frustrated and now really doubting this\". \n\nFinally Steve calls and leaves a message to says the car is ready and proceeds to tell me about all of the additional costs for fixing the car issues. Funny thing is that WE never talked about me spending additional money on car repairs, when buying the car and it's original price... hmmm??? In the same phone message he tells me how he's already PREApproved with the credit union to accept the additional costs for the repairs. WTF?? I didn't tell him to or approve that....  I call Steve and explained my disapproval of this and how shady it was, I had let him know I can go anywhere with the credit ratting and cash down anywhere than his place. Steve wants to get surly with me over the phone but eventually.. says let me talk to my Brother. \n\nHe calls back later and says we'll sell you the car at the original price we talked about. I get there to finalize the deal and Steve was super nice, cordial and followed through on the latter of what he said. I bought the car at original price we talked about, case closed. I wish I didn't have to go through all of that, but in the end we made the deal work. I don't know that I would go back, certainly I much wiser on how they operate.