This place is a full on shit show from the moment you step into the Cosmopolitan (in a more bad than good way). I still haven't decided how I feel about Marquee but I'll go ahead and like it for now.\n\nThe negatives (and they are HUGE negatives):\n\n- MASS chaos on all bagillian levels of the Cosmo that have entrances into the club. Follow the mob of hundreds of people on the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd floor trying to get in. It's so ridiculous that the club actually hires people to stand with signs that have arrows pointing people in different directions- table service that way, promoter lists this way. Like a bad amusement park. Once you actually get into the line you belong in, you realize you're a million miles away from the front door. FUN.\n\n- the layout of the club irks me so bad. Okay, so it's obvious the people over at Cosmo have a ton of $$$ and can afford to create a hot club but DAMN can we say huh for a minute. For a club so huge, the dance floors are STUPID small, like oops, we forgot to put in a dance floor! Let's slip one in here. Thousands of people and you want me to dance where?! And the club is a maze. Which floor is wha? What's around that corner? I've been a couple times sober and still got lost. The layout just doesn't make sense to me. \n\nThe positives:\n\n- tons of big name guest DJ's. IF the DJ that night plays your kind of music expect to have a badonks night. If not.. well.. find somewhere to sit. Like on top of their trashcans. (No joke. Don't judge.)\n\n- it's pretty freakin gorgeous outside. I love the outdoor space as much as XS's. Mini-pools, strands of lantern lights dangling above, an amazing view of the strip.. it's so sexy. I wish they'd carried the same thought inside.\n\n- the crowd is really cool, not necessarily the most diverse, but surprisingly laid back. And since the club has so many different rooms and patios it's easy to start conversations with people and score free drinks. Kidding!!!\n\nI've been on both the bottom and the top of the club door hierarchy - no hookup, got there late, trying to stand in line, all the way up to promoters, getting there butt early and table service. What I've learned: No hook up? No table service? Skip Marquee. It's DEFINITELY not worth the wait. Otherwise, go ahead..I mean sure, why not?