I had an appointment in Dormont this rainy, blustery afternoon, so to Sugar Cafe I headed for lunch beforehand.\n\nWell, it sure is a Cafe, isn't it?  A conversation\/reading area with couches and a well-stocked bookshelf can be found in the corner. The walls are an assuaging pale blue color. \n\nYou walk to the counter up front, peruse the bill of fare on the board above, leer at the various pastries under glass, order up, seat yourself, and await your food.\n\nI wasn't sure what to order, so I had the Tuna on Nine Grain Bread, only that they were out of nine grain bread, so they subbed a whole grain bagel instead. \n\nFor a bistro straight out of Shadyside, they sure make one ornery-looking sandwich. The seeded bagel had a hide that resembled that of a dinosaur. Never before had a bagel sandwich intimidated me. After first munch, however, I found that he was a big softie. The tuna was acceptably flaky and moist, the lemon mayo complimenting it subtly. Red onions, leafy lettuce, a crisp, capital, ivory-bellied pickle spear, and a heap of kettle chips rounded out the plate. I've certainly had better tuna salad sandwiches, but this certainly made the grade.\n\nI couldn't decide on just one dessert, so I got 2: A chocolate chip cookie, and a white chocolate cheesecake cherry tart. \n\nThe tart was a wily harlot, her crust being sturdy, her filling velvety and full of sass, the cherries acting as buried treasures of sweet, juciy, fleshy drupe. \n\nThe cookie, on the other hand, was serviceable, but it disappointed somewhat with its dense rigidity. Perhaps we should chalk this up to personal preference, since I like a soft, chewy chocolate chip cookie oodles more than a...uh...Rockalate Chip Cookie. Some people are the other way around. Although I suppose I could have asked them to heat the cookie come to think of it. Of course its dark color was an indication of overbaking. \n\nRegardless, you now have a decent alternative to The Dor-Stop when it's too crowded, and Sugar Cafe deserves the overflow.