Such delectable eats! And such a treat! As a thank you from the Yelp Elite event we had here, I had a dining credit to come back here. Since I was dining alone (because Rob P. had to work late), I opted to sit at the bar. The service was absolutely wonderful! And to have such attentive, friendly, and thorough service at a bar is a true standout. \n\nThe space itself is beautiful and modern. I love the glass grill area so you can watch the steak being cooked. And they have snack and dessert carts that come around that you can order from. A cute and unique touch.\n\nThe cocktail list is impressive with many unique offerings. I opted for a strawberry lemongrass one that was incredible. They also have numerous wine and beer offerings. (Tip: They have a happy hour where you can save a couple bucks on drinks and snacks.)\n\nI ordered the gazpacho from the snack cart. So yum! It comes with super fresh veggies. \n\nAnd then I moved on the oysters. You can get them raw or fried. I opted for raw. And bonus, you get to choose between east coast and west coast oysters. Naturally, I opted for both. They're served with a mini bottle of tabasco sauce, cocktail sauce, and a champagne vinaigrette. Very delicious and fresh! And I loved the vinaigrette.\n\nMy main course choice was so difficult. The filet or bone-in ribeye was so tempting. But I knew I couldn't collapse into a food coma after dinner. So instead, I inquired about just having some Alaskan king crab legs. Not technically on the menu, but they accommodated me, which was amazing. And, of course, the crab legs were perfectly cooked, big, and so fresh. Quite the treat! (I so love Alaskan king crab legs.)\n\nFor a side, I knew I was immediately going for the gratin potatoes. I literally cleaned the dish when we had those at the YEE. And they were just as yum as I remembered.\n\nI went over a little bit on my dining credit, but they went ahead and took care of it anyways. So classy and such great service! I will most definitely be dining here again and recommending it to others. Go eat and drink here!