With all of the buffets on the Strip, there isn't a lack of destinations to choose from.  However, considering how much I like Aria, I figured that their buffet would have to be on my list of spots to check out.  After all, if their buffet can match the hotel, then it must be pretty decent right?  So, after checking out their menu and being decently satisfied, some of my friends and I ended up coming on a Thursday night to give them a shot.  \n\nAfter paying and making our way in, I already started to get an ominous feeling though.  Now, I don't know about you...but I generally get worried when I start having doubts before I even make it to my seat.  Why so worried?  Well, although the spaciousness of the dining area might have had something to do with it, the buffet seemed pretty empty to me.  Though I didn't expect it to be a madhouse like how it is at some Asian buffets, I figured there would at least be a steady stream of people shuttling back and forth between the food and their tables.  In this case, not so much.   Refreshing as it was to be able to reach for the serving utensil without someone right on my ass waiting for me to finish, it made me wonder if all those missing people knew something I didn't.  \n\nLike most Vegas buffets, they have a decent variety of selections to cover just about every diner that should pass through the place.  From the usual buffet staples to Asian selections to Mexican food, they cover a lot of territory.  The question isn't so much what you want, but what is worth eating - like your choices, the quality varies as well.  For the most part, the food is fine - nothing terrible, but nothing that drives you back up there for seconds or thirds.  The Mexican food was pretty bad, though I like the chips and guacamole\/salsa bar.  Then again, at a Vegas buffet, that's probably not the sort of thing you want to be chasing.  \n\nAmong the few things that were of note, I thought that the prime rib was better than average for a buffet.  The seasoning on the outside was pretty good, and it was still juicy and tender.  The star though, if you're a fan, is the fresh crab legs they have.  Haven't seen all of the buffets in Vegas, but it's one of the few that I recall seeing crab legs at, and it's certainly the best that comes to mind.  They were very fresh and tasted great, and it's always handy when they slice it all the way through so it's easier to pick the meat out.  Hassle free crab legs?  Sign me up please!\n\nAll in all, the buffet isn't terrible, and it's definitely worth checking out if you like crab legs.  Just that in Vegas, with so many other choices (relatively) close, you're probably better off heading over to Cosmopolitan or Wynn.