I'm a loyal follower of Anthony Bourdain.  From his best selling book Kitchen Confidential, to his early TV career on the popular Travel Channel show No Reservations, to his current gig as host of the CNN hit show Parts Unknown.  Yeah, Bourdain can be a jackass & a blowhard sometimes, but when it comes to exploring food culture in all corners of the world, there are few better at telling that story better than Bourdain.  Such was the case on his Parts Unknown visit to Iran a few years ago.  With so few Americans having set foot in Iran, it was fascinating to see his interactions with local Iranians & to get a glimpse of the food culture that permeates both at Iranian restaurants & in Iranian homes.  It was a haunting, controversial, & beautifully complicated episode that's worth your viewing time if you ever get the chance.  The takeaways I got from the show were that regular Iranian citizens aren't that much different from you & me, & that Iran's food culture is one I'd REALLY like to explore further.\n\nTonight was actually my second visit to Persian Room since viewing that Parts Unknown episode.  My Aunt brought me here the first time as she herself is one of the few Americans who has spent an appreciable amount of time in Iran.  According to her, Persian Room is about as close to authentic Iranian food as you can get in the valley.  I remember sharing a stew & some kabobs with her here & really enjoying it.  Tonight for my second trip I joined my wonderful fellow Yelpers for the monthly International Supper Club UYE event.  Big thanks to Monica as always for putting this monthly event together, & a huge thanks for choosing Persian Room as our goto spot this month.\n\nPersian Room is an elegant, but relatively relaxed restaurant with Persian decor & artwork from floor to ceiling as well as a couple of a giant chandeliers to match.  Its actually a two story operation with the majority of the sit down restaurant on the ground floor and the bar area with additional seating upstairs.  For our large Yelp group, we got a table upstairs right next to the bar.  The restaurant can cram well over 100 here on a busy night (emphasis on cram as the tables & chairs can be a tight squeeze in places).  The first thing they'll put in front of you is butter, basil, raw onion, & a bowl of Iranian bread called Sangak.  Trust me when I say this is a starter not to be taken for granted.  Grab a piece of warm sangak, spread a little butter on it, put some basil leafs and onion in there, roll it up & munch away.  Its a delicious & surprisingly refreshing snack to start your meal.\n\nAs we were here with a large group tonight, I lobbied to see if I could get two other Yelpers to go in for Persian Room's largest most sharable dish.  That would be the Tour of Persia.  The specs on this monstrosity: humungous kabobs of ground beef, cornish game hen, filet mignon, & two kinds of rice (Basmati & Barberry).  Plus a side of their Gheimeh Bademjan stew.  When they say it serves three they mean it.  Fortunately, I found a couple willing to go down the rabbit hole with me on this one.\n\nThe stew contains sautéed beef, sautéed eggplant, yellow split peas, tomato sauce, onions, & lime.  The broth in the stew was pretty flavorful & I liked the texture of the peas.  The only thing I actually wasn't too crazy about were the beef cuts.  A little too fatty in spots actually.  Now for the platter.  Let me first say the two rice selections were phenomenal.  It's said no one does rice like Iranians do, and they aren't kidding.  The Basmati rice is long slender white rice topped with saffron, while the Barberry rice (known in Iran as Zereshk Polow) is long grain rice mixed with saffron and barberries (which taste like dried sour cherries).  I could've eaten both of those piles of rice until I was sick.  The filet mignon & ground beef kabobs were both fantastically seasoned, ridiculously tender & flat out delicious.  The cornish game hen was also tasty, though I'll admit I probably would've preferred their chicken as the hen simply didn't have as much meat on the bone as I would've liked.\n\nThe Tour of Persia costs about $60 when you include tax & tip, so between the three of us it was $20\/person.  Considering the amount of food & the qualify and creativity of the food, it was a pretty good value.  Not everything on the platter was perfect, but the piles of rice & beef kabobs alone were worth the effort.  If you're looking for good individual dishes, my favorite is probably the Naderi Sultani.  Almost a miniature version of the Tour of Persia with a combination of chicken, filet mignon & beef kabobs with basmati rice.  That personal sized dish will set you back about $30 including tax & tip.  The majority of dishes here are closer to $20 in price so you don't have to go all out like we did to have a good meal.  Persian Room may just be a glimpse into the complex & fascinating aspects of Iranian cuisine.  But my what a delicious glimpse it is.