I like the burger tapas concept thing they have going, but the entire time I was here as I sat on the patio, I laughed at the \"Under Construction\" sign of Delux under plain view smack dab across the street on Scottsdale Road.\n\nSo of course during my meal I couldn't help but draw comparisons to Delux.  Granted, it probably would have happened anyway, but regardless, I found the constant reminder amusing.  \n\nMy friend Maya brought me and some out-of-towner friends who ooed and aahed over the place.  \"Sliders are so trendy!\" I exclaimed to the group as we basked in the stench of the Scottsdale canal from the patio and watched as sceney passersby and diners enjoyed the Saturday afternoon.  I immediately felt like hurling, not sure if it was over the stench, the half-joking insipid exclamation I made, or the poseurish crowd - inclusive of a blond Scottsdale broad in a baby blue jumpsuit with matching blue flip flops. (We saw that blue Smurf atrocity later at Giligin's, naturally.)\n\nBack to Stax -- the 3 oz. burgers themselves are good...not excellent, and not bad either.  They offer more variety in burgers than Delux:  salmon, turkey, ostrich, veggie, etc.  The meat was cooked well done on one and a little too charred on another - the buffalo.  The highlights here are the toppings and customizable add this, add that option (incl. cheese, sauted mushrooms, caramelized onions, tots, sweet potato fries) which opens up a number of possibilities.  I really liked the toppings on the buffalo - muenster cheese, peach bbq sauce, pickled shallots and an onion ring.\n\nA friend asked our server how many to order to equal a typical hamburger and her answer was 2.5, so basically two or three.   Ahh, there's the rub.  The sliders are $4 - $5.  Ordering three will mean you spend $12 - $15.  Yikes.  Definitely more expensive than an oft-criticized-as-expensive Delux.\n\nService here was solid if a bit slow to start.  My friends' margaritas came out very quickly, but the Diet Coke I ordered took about 10 minutes.\n\nI would come here again, if for only the dipping sauces. Garlic, aioli, pesto, chipotle.  Crap, they were all excellent.