My husband I were married here this October, and when searching for a chapel in Vegas we had a few requirements.  First, it was important to me that I find a chapel where my guests could take pictures inside of the chapel.  Second, we wanted an Elvis wedding.  Finally, we wanted to be able to have a webcam since some family and friends would not be in attendance.  Although guests with SLR cameras were not able to bring these inside, other guests with your basic digital cameras were able to take pictures of our ceremony.  This was great since the pictures taken by the chapel photographer really were not that good.  \n\nUnfortunately when you're scheduling your wedding from 3000 miles away, the majority of your communication is via phone or email.  I found that the communication I had with the chapel via email was somewhat confusing and I felt like they did not understand my questions even though I felt like my communications were clear.  Inevitably I stopped asking about the photography packages because the answers I received left me more confused then anything.  So for those who have lots of questions, I'd suggest calling because emailing will leave you frustrated.  \n\nIn setting up the reservation for our Elvis wedding, we were very specific that we wanted the webcam and we presumed our reservation was made with this in mind.  After the ceremony we discovered that they never listed our ceremony as having a webcam, and we didn't realize this until our friends and family who were unable to attend told us that they couldn't view the ceremony.  In calling the chapel we were told that they'd upload it and it would take an hour, and when I called back two hours later I was told \"We told you it could take several hours, and that it would be uploaded for Sunday and not Saturday.\"  They never told us this, and even further they uploaded my wedding with the wrong date.  I was told that this could not be changed, and honestly I stopped asking because I was just glad my family would be able to see something even if the wedding was uploaded on the wrong date.  \n\nThe day of our wedding when my coworker was unable to view the webcast, she emailed the chapel to ask what was wrong and whether there was a technical issue that prevented her from being able to see it.  This was before I was able to communicate to her that we resolved this issue with the chapel, and that she'd be able to view this video if she put in a different date.  So my coworker emailed the chapel a second time to tell them that she spoke with the bride and that the issue was resolved - that the webcast was available and that the video was posted for a different date.  She received a reply from the chapel asking if the video date should be changed to a different date.  I still remain appalled that they would ask someone who is in no way affiliated with the ceremony whether the video should be changed.  \n\nWhile the ceremony itself was perfect, and ultimately we wouldn't change that, the stresses in dealing with the chapel before and after the ceremony leave me completely unable to recommend this place to anyone else.  After the ceremony we were brought to a photolab where an employee of the chapel suggested strongly that we purchase a canvas picture.  We were told it would come \"exactly as you see it,\" and in the promotional materials from the chapel this canvas photo was displayed in a frame.  Given that they said it would take 6-8 weeks I thought the lead time was based on the amount of time to manufacture that as well as the fact that it would come framed.  Imagine my surprise when a week later I received a cardboard tube with my tiny canvas inside!  Nope, no frame!  \n\nAnd with respect to the photography, I second what someone else has said.  You definitely should hire another photographer to take pictures of you outside of the chapel.  The photographer from the chapel only takes about 20 photos, and two of those featured someone literally standing in front of his lens and one portrait where my eyes were closed.  Exceptionally disappointing.  And make sure you ask them to check the image disc before you leave because mine was blank.  \n\nAlso, if you should ignore my warnings and schedule your wedding here, don't bother passing along feedback from the chapel because quite frankly they will not care.  Although I wrote a relatively strongly worded letter, really I was just looking for an apology and perhaps a refund on the canvas photo ($50) since it really wasn't as described and I wouldn't have ordered it.  Instead what I received for feedback was an email that essentially said, \"Wow, it seems that nothing I say is going to make you feel better about how things went so I'm not going to bother.\"  \n\nSeriously go somewhere else.  The frustration you'll experience with everything other than the ceremony really isn't worth it.