I highly recommend NOT going to this Dental Office. Why? Here is my story...\nI brought my daughter in to Dr. Cameron Zealand for a check up, cleaning and X-Rays. He was friendly enough, and seemed to bond easily with the children. One of his \"front desk staff\" needs a bit of an attitude adjustment. She was slightly rude and very unfriendly. Anyway, A grand total of $263.00 ($363 including the deposit mentioned later) charged to my Credit Card. Acceptable I suppose. They then proceeded to give me a quote of $4,300.00!!! For an 11 year olds teeth?  No, Not braces... this estimate was for fillings, crowns and tooth removals. I think not. (We are going for a second opinion but there is a waiting list and that will be a few months away) They pushed the urgency and pressured me to make an appointment (for 8 days later) in which I needed to leave a $100.00 Deposit; The deposit to be kept if I did not cancel at least 2 business days in advance. Well at $4300.00 you can bet your bottom that I cancelled in search for a second opinion. I, in fact cancelled just 2 or 3 days later. My $100.00 Dollars was not refunded to my CC until I called them 2 more days later and demanded it. During this time, I went to put my claim into my dental benefits insurance company. (I specifically told the Dental office NOT to put the Claim through, as it is quicker for me to do it online). I discovered that not only did the Dental office put the claim through, they did this twice! Once for them to be paid (keep in mind I already paid them!) and once for myself to be paid. I called the office and got them to cancel their claim reminding them that I am to be sent the claim money, as they have been paid already, by ME! Well they did cancel one of the 2 claims, guess which one ... not the one where they get paid a second time! Well I called the insurance company, They suggested I try to get my refund from the dentist and if they do not comply the will be investigated for fraud. I was told by the insurance company that if the dental office calls they will give them the exact amount that has been sent by check so they can refund me immediately.  I called the dental office and spent most of my time on hold. They tried to tell me to wait until they receive the check. NOPE!  I demanded they call the insurance company and get that money amount being sent to them because I want my refund NOW. I have been through too much with this office and will not wait for them any longer. They once again put me on hold and when she returned I was told that the office manager was on hold with the insurance company and they will call me back as soon as they can. Nearly 2 hours later, I called them back and was informed they refunded the payment to my Credit Card. Thankfully 2 days later I saw the transaction of the refund on my CC.\nNow keep in mind that they did in fact refund all that was needed to be refunded, but, at what cost? It was a hassle and a fight, and emotionally\/mentally exhausting dealing with this Company. They returned nothing until I demanded it.\nMy personal opinion... I don't trust this company in least and I will NEVER return. Although Dr. Cameron himself was very good with my daughter, the company overall caused too much anguish. They should pay me for the trauma they caused over a 2 week period!\nFraudulent company?  Scam company?  Money gouging company?   You decide.\n\nUpdate.. Went for the second opinion and was quoted half of what Dr. Zealands office quoted!! Dr Zealand wanted to pull teeth that did not need to be pulled, double charged for fillings (on 3 teeth) wanted to put caps on baby teeth that are just about ready to fall out... and so much more... I advise you to STAY AWAY!!!!