Cibermango has been the biggest disappointment of any company I have worked with since I opened my business. I hired them last spring to redesign my website and at first, they were pretty good. They got things rolling pretty quickly, came up with a decent design, and were relatively responsive. I was happy with my site when they were done.\n\nPart of the package they sell is guaranteed site maintenance for the first 18 months after the design, and then reasonable maintenance thereafter (i.e., if you need some major changes, they might charge you -- that makes sense). About 13 months after my design (read: still within my guaranteed maintenance period), I contacted the company to request some minor changes to my business address, credentials, fees, adding some new customer reviews, etc. No new pages, no major overhauls, just a few simple changes\/additions. After WEEKS of back and forth and Many, Many, Many unanswered calls and e-mails, Gui (whose role in the company I'm still a bit unclear about but he might be the head guy?) assured me that he would have my changes up by Saturday May 29 (I had first contacted him about the changes in mid-April). Fast forward ten days -- I return from vacation and find that NOTHING on my site has been updated. I called and\/or e-mailed, left voice messages, etc. every day for nearly two weeks and STILL could not get an answer. Once I called and someone picked up the phone and then hung up.\n\nSo, I got an associate of mine to call from an unfamiliar number, sensing that the Cibermango staff was purposefully avoiding me. Lo and behold, he gets right through to Gui! My associate let Gui know that he was calling on my behalf and we were confused about why the changes requested to my site weren't up. First, Gui insisted that they WERE up (um, no. I can see my own website, thanks). THEN Gui had the audacity to tell my associate that the company doesn't do any business in the month of June, and that all customers had been informed of this. I can tell you with 100% certainty that nobody ever said anything to me about that, and even if they did, my site was supposed to be updated before the end of May. Gui told my associate that he would look into what happened and contact me as soon as he could. It's been nearly a month now and I still haven't heard anything from them. After filing a complaint with the BBB, I learned that Cibermango also didn't respond to THEIR attempts at contact. Shocking, since in my complaint I requested a partial refund to cover the cost of getting another web designer to update my site.\n\nI did get an e-mail from someone named \"Ira\" (who is not listed on their site as part of the staff). The e-mail came from a generic cibermango e-mail address (info@cibermango.com) and in it he assured me that he would look into what had happened and get back to me. Again, not a word since then.\n\nNow, I'm stuck with a website that I can't update because they've put some mysterious code in there that nobody seems to know how to change. Cibermango, and Gui in particular, are unethical, slimy, horrible people who will take your money and not deliver as they promise. Do yourself a favor and stay far, far away. I'm from Phoenix and all about supporting local businesses, but these people are beyond ridiculous.\n\nUPDATE 9\/29\/2010: Thanks, Ira, for providing further evidence of your sliminess. Here is the verbatim section of my contract I'm referring to regarding maintenance for the first 18 months:\n\n\"7.       Maintenance\n\na.       All modifications to telephone numbers, email addresses, physical addresses, minor text changes are included for 18 months. After that, en evaluation of the maintenance time allocated to the customer will be performed. Usually, maintenance will continue at no cost.\" \n\nThe changes I requested were things like changing my address or adding a couple lines to existing pages -- clearly, they were to be included per the contract that you wrote.  I made these requests 14 months after delivery of my site. Would you care to offer an explanation or justification as to your statement now? No? Perhaps because it's indefensible.When I spoke to Gui about my requested changes, he informed me that they were indeed covered and not once did he mention any additional charges. That you would claim otherwise now is despicable, but unfortunately not surprising.