While I was in the LINQ Promenade, I was debating to go in the giant wheel. I bit the bullet and went to the base of the thing to buy a ticket. A ticket is forty dollars. That's just the 'ride around the circle' price. There's a few options for 'ride around the circle' base ticket. For more monies, you can buy a 'drink at an open bar and ride around in a circle' and I also saw a sign advertising 'do yoga and ride around in a circle'. I wasn't really drinking, so I just got the basic ticket. \n     There was no wait and I was lead up a flight of stairs to a waiting room where I could opt to buy drinks or snacks for my 'ride around the circle' No thanks. I'm good. I walked up to the ride bit and was put in front of a camera, so I could opt to buy a picture of myself. Reminding me of the time I rode around the circle. No thanks. It's just me. I'm good. Eventually, I got to the ride around the circle part.\n     I was reminded of amusement parks and fairs where people would wait until the wheel stopped, open the doors, and rush you into the lil basket because the thing didn't actually stop. Same principle here, except the 'lil basket' was now a fully enclosed 30 foot bubble with 360 degree windows, surround sound and digital tourguide. (and\/or open bar) (and\/or with yoga mats?)\n    The ride started up slowly, and at about a quarter rotation, a girl in my bubble began to freak out. Turns out she was claustrophobic and she was having an attack. So...don't go here if you're claustrophobic. She mashed the emergency call button, and the slow ride up slowed, stopped and reversed direction. Sorry about claustrophobic girl, but Yay! Extra ride for me!\n    The ride around was incredible, topping out at five hundred fifty feet in the air at the apex of the circle. Las Vegas, all lit up in it's bright grandeur spread out beneath me, and I took many photos.  Picture tip: I found the best way to take pictures was to put the phone right up to the glass. Back a lil bit and you get the reflection of the glass in your picture. \n     After about an hour, I found myself having gone fully around the circle. I hopped out on the other side of the ride, and walked back down towards the promenade. You're immediately dumped into the gift shop, where you can buy the t-shirt or refrigerator magnet to remind you of the time you paid forty dollars to ride around the circle. They're pretty good at trying to take money here.  But I'm glad I rode the circle.