During the recent Yelp scavenger hunt event my husband and I got to this place as one of the last venues. We were pretty full from eating elsewhere but told them if they would bag our sample we would eat it at home. They were more than happy to do this for us.\n\nI asked them as far as other locations were concerned. This is the only one in the city and it is Greek themed. When we finally were able to have our \"doggie bag\" I was pleased that they gave us a small gyro which is one of their specialties, along with lemon chicken soup, and oyster crackers. Believe me it did not disappoint. It was just enough for a light meal later.\n\nThey have a rewards program that if you buy 7 sandwiches or salads then you get the 8th one free. When i got home I had a chance to review the menu in detail. the serve a vegetarian gyro, specialty burgers and specialty sandwiches along with sides. Everything is ala carte however, you can get a side of fries and coleslaw at a reduced price if you order a sandwich.\n\nBreakfast items are available as well which does includes omelettes, breakfast sandwiches, pancakes, French toast, and two eggs your way. Expect to pay a little more since you are at the airport but they are on par with some of neighborhood diners I have visited. \n\nSince it is part of the fast casual approach don't expect table service however, there is a food court eating area behind the row of fast food eateries on the left side of the center core.\n\nThey do offer egg white substitutes if you have health issues. The only thing I found lacking on their menu was desserts. All they offer is rice pudding. Don't expect to see those gigantic pies and cakes you would normally find.\n\nStill they have a good variety of Greek fare selections which is a novel approach to casual dining whether you plan to eat there or take it with you in flight.\n\nNow that non passengers can visit the airside terminal during weekdays only this place is a must return for me next time I find myself out that way.