OK--My fourth review update, so you know it has taken a lot of experiences, both \"OK\" and \"infuriating\" to get me to this point. \n\nMy thoughts on the food still stand: Average sushi and typical, greasy, Americanized, Chinese take-out. I will add that while some might not find an oversized roll to be a problem, I do. This place makes rolls so massive they're difficult to eat. And isn't enjoying eating the point? I like a bite-sized roll that is a balance of all the flavors. \n\nReally where Panda Wok has failed me over and over again is the customer service. First, when you're placing your order make sure you do their job for them. By this I mean make them confirm your address, confirm your order, confirm they're delivering, confirm they're going to send you chopsticks, soy sauce, etc. It's exhausting, but necessary. My last three orders consisted of these experiences: \n\n1) Placed entire order, waited over an hour--guy shows up at the wrong address, gets snippy and blames me. Ha! I had to send the cold food back AND make a call about the crappy service of not just the women who took the order, but their delivery guy as well. \n\n2) Next time, I placed a complete order and got off the phone, no problem--or so I thought. I got a phone call ten minutes later from the same gal who took my order saying, \"I forgot we're not doing deliveries tonight. But I already charged you. Can you come and pick it up?\" HOW do you forget you don't have a delivery person for the evening?! They couldn't refund me the delivery charge--so they gave me a credit for my next order. \n\n3) Third times a charm, right? WRONG. This time I placed an order for three rolls and some soup. I get a call from the delivery guy telling me he's outside. I walk outside and there's no one there. This can't be happening again, right? I confirmed the address on the phone! I call the guy back and ask him where he is--this guys gets the nastiest attitude with me AGAIN. He reads back my address to me and my instructions to come to the front--then snips at me that there are only two side doors. SO my instructions were right, this guy is just rude. Turns out he's on the wrong street. HA. He read the address wrong. But that's not where it ends. My soup is luke warm, bland and we're missing a roll. I had to call back and have them deliver another one, which took about 30 more minutes to be delivered. AND they charge me for it even though it was their mistake. \n\nIn the past they've forgotten chopsticks and essentials. \n\nI'm done with you, Panda Wok. It is not hard to do your jobs. Clearly you just hired the wrong people to accurately take orders and deliver food to an address. Just because you're the only business in Lakewood offering this service does not give you an excuse to be shitty at it.