I think entry into the Downtown Cocktail Room is designed as something of an IQ test set to weed out only the intelligent (and lucky) customers.  It took me a minute or two to figure out which part of the dark wall is the actual door.  While I am sure this is a continual amusement for regulars of the lounge, a small sign, a doorman, or even a handle would shave time off of the deductive reasoning.  In retrospect, it IS kind of funny.\n\nThere's a lot to like about this place.  The place looks excellent, the bartenders and servers are dressed stylish, the art on the wall is excellent, as is the (non-deafening, non-screaming over) music, and the place has a very cool \"vibe\" to it.  The vibe of any place is an intangible thing, and somewhat hard to explain.  It either feels right, or it doesn't.  This place is excellent to sit back and enjoy.  And very clean.  Someone knew what they were doing when they set up the overall look of this place.\n\nThe drinks?  I had a very nice server.  Being a first-timer, she pointed out a few excellent drink choices, both were very satisfactory, unique, and flavorful.  They even serve absinthe there, which got an eyebrow raise of surprise from me.  During the night, she forgot part of my order, but was very apologetic, and worked hard to set it right, which I couldn't help but recognize the sincerity, and the EXCELLENT customer service.  She was class.  The whole night was just a wonderful experience in which I would return again... in a particular time period.\n\nSo why 4 stars?  Another review noted it gets busy at the place around 11, which was an accurate forecast.  The issue I had with the place isn't a direct fault of the actual establishment itself or its staff, but I have to make note of it.  As it got busy, the building hipster crowd that began to appear in droves as the night wore on didn't so much as chain smoke as they began to chew and eat cigarettes in an attempt to go through what was apparently a pack smoking contest to see how many could be lit and inhaled during one night.  I can handle smallish amounts of smoke, and crowds don't bother me, but my God, man.  I was there for two previous hours of awesome, then... yeah....\n\nThey serve bar treats here.  A nice variety of bar related nibbles (served very well, and very cheap), and I guess it's debatable if that could actually be considered \"food\", but I wish it was, as food in an establishment keeps the smoking element out.  Perhaps a separate lounge, or larger fans, or an outside area, or something.  All I know is that I was having a wonderful time, but I got so smogged out that I just had to leave.  I was disappointed because I REALLY wanted to stay longer and try yet another drink, but around 11-12, it was just too much.  One of my friends and I had to leave as we started feeling sick.  Again, I don't blame the Cocktail Room itself at all, but I do hope that they can try to find an a little help for us non-smoking types.\n\nI can easily 5-star this place (and it pains me not to), but I think that will mean me both coming and leaving early here if last night was an indication of a regular weekend night.  They nailed the atmosphere, service, and drinks.  I just wish I could breathe in there as the night wears on.\n\nCool place, though.