I love a place where everybody knows your name.  It appears that three people who work here know me.  The produce gentleman, Salvador, is always so friendly and helpful. The yogurt man is always on it and the deli man always has a joke for me.  The butchers are fantastic and always super helpful and even kind of funny from time to time.  \n\nThis is my neighborhood grocery store.  So I shop here rather frequently.  Between 2-3 times\/week.  Things here are pretty consistent.  For Produce, I have found the fresh cut fruit is not so fresh.  There will be bags of apples out that are already spoiled.  This is not just on occasion, it is consistent.  \n\nThe deli counter is lacking variety.  There are some consistent wins to include the chicken salad and the meatballs.  However, it is the same items all.the.time.  The turnover in the deli is significant as well.  \n\nI appreciate the effort to hire and employ baggers who have special needs.  However, I just spent $500+ here, can someone please help me bag my grocery items?  I have a toddler with me and is it too much to ask to have decent baggers or some other help?  This is also all.the.time.  \n\nHere is where the major points get docked.  We use their delivery service and for the most part it is consistent.  However, a few months back they delivered our grocery delivery to the wrong address.  After our delivery window had passed and no one had shown up, I called only to find out I would have to wait for the driver to go back to the house where he delivered the groceries to the wrong address, get my items back from the homeowner and re-deliver them to me. \n\nUm. NO.  I am not taking groceries that have now been in someone else's house?  Who took a grocery delivery that was not theirs to begin with?  At what point did the person receiving our groceries realize they were not for them?  The baby food give it away?  Obviously, the person who received the groceries was crazy; and that is not necessarily a Von's issue.  BUT: seriously? \n\nNever mind the delivery was right before a weekend we were expecting house guests.  Von's gave me a $15 credit.  Um, no.  I canceled the entire order.  \n\nRegretfully, I will continue to make the best out of going to Von's simply for logistics and convenience.  But I do hope over time they work to improve a few things that can make the overall shopping experience better.  Until then, shop on.