I bet you forgot this place even existed! Well look out Calgary, because it's here and it's... well... it's doing what it's always been doing, I guess. It's here, anyway.\n\nCool local businesses in here include Games People Play, I really quite like this place, (http:\/\/www.yelp.ca\/biz\/games-people-play-calgary), there's a pretty fierce lookin' knife shop with a dude who has a sick mohawk. I think it helps counteract the tucked in black polo management makes him wear quite nicely. All I know is when I walk by, I want to buy an oversized  Santoku from THAT guy.\n\nThere's almost nothing in the way of men's fashion at this mall. Sorry, there's a Mark's and a Moore's, Intersport, Stiches and Sears.  So... There's almost nothing in the way of men's fashion at this mall!\n\nNorth Hill Mall has always felt to me like a Safeway grocery store with a bunch of other stuff attached. Like they were never certain what the building should be, but over the decades, as tastes in shopping styles shifted, they just sort of went with it and built something new. Keep in mind, this is solely my impression and doesn't necessarily include such extraneous materials like \"the facts\". It feels like back in the day of department stores when our grandmothers ruled the retail world they kept up with all that was hip and\/or happenin' and built themselves a SEARS. Hot diggity! As time went on, the dinosaurs started to die and consumers preferences shifted to being able to easily access a large number of smaller boutique stores, each curated by entirely different owners and operators and VOILA!  Let's like totally build a  mall! Enter the mid 90's - Gas is cheap, Alberta is booming, and everyone (everyone.) drives an SUV. The retail landscape is dominated by Costco and Walmart and bigger is most definitely better . Why walk a mall when you can drive through it?! Better slap on a a giant Mark's (Work Warehouse), some big print store (used to be a Kinkos until they disappeared)  a giant pet store (Pet-Cetera maybe?)... Ooh! And some of those hot restaurants you see at all the upcoming Big Box centres like \"Crowfoot Crossing! You mean a Ricky's and a Chilli's? Yup! That'll do. Alright boys, let's call 'er a day.\n\nI by no means dislike North Hill Mall. In some ways I love it like that awkward friend who's still stuck in his teen years trying to find himself and you know that when he discovers who he is, he'll be just fine.