The surface of Phoenix right now is burning hot, crowded, and worst of all, too mainstream. So figuratively, and literally, a friend and I decided to go underground and explore a little-known watering hole worthy of all the rage.\n\nFrom the outside, it bears similarity to that *other* bar in an alley with red light marking its presence. The exteriors are so identical newcomers, who would be delighted in either locale, could easily confuse them. \n\nBut Melinda's is distinguished by its identity as a speakeasy. The location isn't loudly advertised. The hours are incredibly limited. There is no consistent menu. And the bar itself is hidden...well hidden. The doorman will be happen to acquaint you with the establishment, warning there are no beers, no wines, and that this is a cash only establishment.\n\nSo after a trek downstairs, we found ourselves in a long, narrow hallway adorned with classy furniture, and illuminated with red light as faint as the soft music setting the mood. It's great for group seating, where crews of 4-6 people could easily make themselves comfortable in several spots throughout the room. Other than that, you'll be standing, which is a-ok. Everyone who sets foot here feels like they're in on some secret. Like they belong to a clandestine group of mixologist appreciation. And when everyone feels a common trait--that they recognize they too enjoy drinking off the beaten path--they're more likely to interact. You will meet new faces here and you will share laughs between sips of some of the finest concoctions the valley has to offer. \n\nThe small, rotating menu is top notch, and I must assert made with what seem to be high quality ingredients. My first mix, of which I forget the name, featured Gin (do I taste Hendrick's, good sir?) and chartreuse. Incredible and refreshing. \n\nThe bar here is very minimalist. It would appear much of the ingredients are prepared in advance upstairs (in the hotel), and simply brought in for the finishing touches. There's little effort on part of the bartenders in front of you, and those who consider flair as integral to experiencing craft cocktails may find themselves dissuaded. I myself was initially turned off by the idea of paying $13 bucks for these, but I changed my tune because of how exceptional they are, and how nice the final presentation actually is. The glassware is the best I've had anywhere--it's so heavy and intricate it makes one feel as though they've arrived at a formal event. Great, fresh garnishes as well remind you this is not a place for scrubs.\n\nMy second cocktail, the Strawberry Shrub, is my new favorite, and one that I hope returns. Made with white rum, strawberry puree, and other items I cannot recall, it tasted so *fresh* and so...*real* I can't wait to have it again! Complex, not too sweet, and with the subtle burn of fine liquors is exactly what I want, and they deliver. \n\nSorely missed will be the drink I didn't get to in time. The \"restart\", a blend of Patron XO and cold-brew coffee. I have no regrets, as the young ladies across the hall who complained about \"coming down\" needed it much more than I. But our coffee shortage portended a precipitous decline in the rest of the menu! A couple more of our beloved selections vanished shortly thereafter. It was no later than 12:30. Too early, right? I mean, certainly, they're obligated to replenish and keep the night going! \n\nWith a shrug and a smile, the bartender says \"Well...when they're gone, they're gone!\" The smug bastard. Oh, the nerve! But of course, he can get away with this. He SHOULD be so blasé, as this is a true speakeasy. An easily overlooked space well utilized, secretive, shady, and with inconsistent hours. For all I know, it functions less than ten hours a week. But while it's open...WOW, it's so sweet. \n\nStill unready for my night to end, I climbed the cold, metal stairs back up to the surface. Passing the new groups of friends that emerged. Passing the ladies in heels needing help back up. Stepping over the ladies voraciously making out for a Snapchat clip and a small audience. Everyone was having a blast. Perhaps, too much so. But that's what going underground will do to you. Don't count on Melinda's to function as the be-all, end-all locale to spend your whole night in. Like all great things in life, it is evanescent. It will end too soon. Still, I cannot recommend enough that you drop by, that you too learn it's one of the finer things in life, and you will pursue such outstanding beverages with as much fervor as I.