There comes a time when you dine at a restaurant and it becomes the most satisfying experience you've had in years. Among the Labor Day holiday shenanigans my friend and I planned, Workshop was a spontaneous choice, given our tardiness at a previous reservation (due to our thorough exploration of the city). But as always with spontaneity, that's when you come across hidden gems. The place is easily recognizable with its old theatrical sign and wooden stand-up sign, paired with the Theatre Junction Grand inside the historic Grand Theatre building. Would definitely like to return for more delicious food and to catch a show at the theatre.\n\nWe just walked in and decided to sit at the bar seats surrounding the open kitchen. Best decision I've made in a while. The chefs were really friendly, and props to Kenny and the crew for cooking delicious dishes with good cuts of meat and fresh produce. I HIGHLY recommend going for either the three-course or five-course impromptu menu. It's very satisfying watching the chefs work their magic and put together delicious dishes that aren't on the menu, with fresh ingredients that meld in your mouth! \n\nMy friend and I went for the three-course to share, and enjoyed every bite! (Well, I admit I had most of it, but I regret nothing! hah!)\n\n- First on the line was an amuse-bouche: a crustini topped with yuzu-dressed salmon. A fresh, savory bite to wet the palate for the glory to come!\n\n- First course was a salmon and veal dish with a cauliflower falafel. The salmon was nicely done and the skin was crisped to perfection. The veal was cooked perfectly and complemented the lighter flavor\/textures of the fish.\n\n- Next up came a veal and potato jenga blocks with asparagus and ratatouille. More veal is never a bad thing. The dish was definitely hearty, but well balanced with meat, carbs, and vegetables. Their jenga blocks were an ingenious way to break the monotony of serving meat with fries, potato wedges, mash, and other more traditional starchy goodness. Layering potato slices into a mille-feuille, and then slicing them into jenga blocks gave the potato enough crisp yet retained enough moisture within each piece. The little jewel box-sized ratatouille was another solid layer of flavor in the dish. The chefs joked I'd be in trouble with this one... but I devoured the dish like no other!\n\n- New player as entered the game! Towards the beginning of the night, my friend was amazed by dish the chefs were whipping up: a cast-iron mini-plate of cheese, bacon jelly, and walnuts served with sliced crustini. She was so intrigued that as the night progressed Kenny turns over and remarks - don't worry, I'll make you one to try. Hence the curve-ball to surprise our palates with a symphony of savoriness and sweetness. The hot plate kept the cheese from solidifying, and the bacon jelly was to die for! \n\n- The 'official' third course was a bread-pudding cake with a chocolate truffle, maple and walnuts. Feel like my memory is botching this dish, but it was a dessert that should be heavy after a plethora of food, but the most notable aspect was that it wasn't. The cake had a good density to fill the mouth with a hefty mouthful.\n\nProps to Workshop for the amazing dinner and hospitality! A sublime experience, with a yelp review that only scratches the surface. If you ever find yourself in Calgary, I cannot more highly recommend this place.