1. The pillows are that bad. I swear they were created or bought by chiropractors trying to make money from all the sore necks that they'll have to treat. I have a tempurpedic bed and a tempurpedic pillow at home, but I don't mind using down pillows or whatever else. I've been to my fair share of hotels and never had a complaint about a pillow until now. That's how bad these pillows are. I ended up using the couch cushion with a towel over it. I'm a complete germaphobe and hate touching hotel things, but I had to resort to the couch cushion. Hopefully, no one had sex on it. It is Tuesday, my stay ended Sunday. My neck is still sore.\n\nAnyways, on to the customer service aspect. \n\nMLife and Delano need to get their sh*t together. I booked using MLife and received a small discount.  I think I save $100? The total for 2 nights was $480. Anyways, they refused to let me add anyone else to the room because of this discount. My friend flew in 2 hours earlier and had to chill with her luggage. When she asked the front desk why I couldnt add her name, they told her they could. I was boarding when she told me the news, so she still ended up waiting but seriously, get it together. \n\nWe called to request late check out and they said that we could only request it the same day. This is not a policy I've noticed at any other hotel I've been to, but fine. I go down at 12:15AM coming back from a show. The check in\/out clerk tells me that I have to request it in the morning. So not same day, it has to be in the morning. Seriously, Delano, I don't pay extra to stay at a nicer hotel to deal with such crappy service. I wanted to sleep in, because I've been getting such lousy sleep from their lousy pillows. The front desk guy told me that he'll send up pillows. They never came.\n\nThe day of check out. I finally fall asleep using the couch pillows and the door bell rings at 9AM. It's housekeeping. They want to clean the room, that I'll be checking out of in a few hours... This was the last straw for me. I couldn't go back to sleep and I'm dead tired.\n\nI'll never stay at Delano ever again. Dirty Motel 8 for the same price? Sure. Delano? HECK NO. If I ever go to Miami, I will stay away from Delano. \n\nI don't know what your plan on coming to Vegas was, but if it was to expand your brand recognition, it may have worked, but my perception of Delano is negative. Seeing other yelpers' review, I'm sure it's all mostly negative as well. \n\nP.S. Wifi is free but its pretty crappy.