What can you say about Ruth's Chris? I'm not a terribly sophisticated dude, so it would be ridiculous for me to pretend I wasn't blown away. I had managed to convince a wonderful girl named Loretta to go out with me a second time. I wasn't sure I'd get a third date from her, so I decided to go somewhere I loved. I chose Ruth's Chris because I ate at one in Kansas City and it was one of the finest meals I've ever had in my life.\n\nI ordered the crab cake appetizer to share with my date. It is heaven on a plate. Two decently sized crab cakes made with jumbo lump blue crab meat. I hesitate to even call it a \"cake\" because there is almost no breading. It's basically a big pile of perfectly seasoned crab meat. Wonderful.\n\nFor the entree we both ordered steaks of course. Let me just stop at this point and express my joy at dating a girl who ordered a big ass steak and enjoyed it as much as I did. One of the great things about having a steak in a classy joint like this is ordering it all fancied up. I love steak Au Poive - that's with a black peppercorn cream sauce that is delicious. Luckily, Loretta knows enough French to let me know that it's pronounced O-pwav and not AW-pawv like I was saying it. I managed to learn how to say it correctly before I ordered it. Loretta saved me from looking like a complete dumbass in front of the waiter. Thanks Baby!\n\nThe steak was absolutely perfect. Cooked perfectly, tender and full of flavor. Everything is ala carte at Ruth Chris. I ordered a side of garlic mashed potatoes and Loretta got the asparagus. Both were awesome. Well... I didn't try the asparagus, but she said it was good. I generally don't eat green veggies while there is still meat, potatoes or bread still on the table.\n\nI'm sure there's some good desserts at Ruth's Chris, but we didn't even look at the menu. We were stuffed. What a great meal. Obviously it was expensive as hell, but worth every penny. I hate be so easy and hand out five stars on only my second Yelp review... but seriously, this place is fantastic. Of course, if you're one of those people that jet about the planet and dine in world class restaurants, you'll probably think this place is pathetic. Of course, if you're one of those people, you're probably not checking out Yelp to find a place to eat in Phoenix Arizona.\n\nI had a great time and so did Loretta. I recommend this place for a second date. It got me a third, so it must be good!