EOS bought Gold's Gym in the Vegas area. I talked to the people that work here as to what to expect due to the change:\nSame policy as what's on your Gold's contract (no obnoxious noises, no banging\/slamming of equipment, members must have a towel, etc). Membership fees will stay the same. Equipment will be maintained and some will be replaced. Class schedule will be changed around a bit but has not been finalized yet. The basketball court might be removed and turned into a CrossFit area due to the type of crowd the basketball court has attracted which increased theft and issues in the gym.\n\nThe first few people who got their new scan tag within 2 days of the transition got an EOS shirt. The signage still says Gold's Gym. Also, if you're originally a Gold's member, other Gold's would still honor your Gold's membership according to what I've been told by an employee.\n\nWhat's standard for all gyms:\nIt's always busy on Monday afternoon\/evening. There's somebody who leaves their butt juice on machines so, it is in your best interest to bring 2 towels (one for your own sweat and the other for other people's sweat). They have cleaning people that come in twice a day but they're not going to clean up after you - they have a schedule and they do what they can. Some big guys are too weak to put back weights where they belong. The ones who shouldn't be offering you form\/ weight lifting\/ diet advice will give them to you whether you like it or not. Somebody will small chat with you or ask for your number...earphones aren't a deterrent. There will be all sorts of smells. Finding a parking spot close to the entrance is a competition - leg day!!! There's always a female with her hair down and full make-up on ready to workout haaaard.\n\nI love my gym. I'd go twice a day if I wake up early enough. I have made great friends here. I've seen people put in some serious effort and get results. I love the classes and the amazing instructors: Spin\/RPM (Dave, Alex, Kelly, Asia and Lori), Body Pump (Veronica, Brandi, Annie, Asia and Melissa), Body Attack (Marcy, Dan, Renee, Leah, Brandi and Claire), Pi-Yo and Insanity (Shawnta), Body Flow (Katie B), Healing Yoga (Kieta), Body Combat (Marcy, Mark, Debbie and Katie B) and CXWorx (Dan, Marcy and Veronica). I've been to classes at other gyms but the energy isn't the same as this location. Lots of energy here!\n\nCardio Cinema, elliptical machines, treadmills, bikes, Stairmasters, medicine balls, Bosu ball, stationary bikes, weights and all sorts of equipment. \n\nYou reap what you sow. \"I'd rather be with dumbbells than dumbasses\"!