Imagine the ultimate staycation at an upscale resort every single day. That is how I felt after visiting Broadstone Sixteen 75. WOW! Did they really make apartment living worthwhile. As a future renter looking to downsize from being a homeowner who resides in a condo I am looking for a unique living space with all the amenities. I have to say this place right here makes you not ever want to leave your home.\n\nI had the pleasure to visit twice and received outstanding customer service from Margaret. Both visits she pleasured me with tours while taking the time to explain all of the wonderful amenities this location has. Located next to Piestwea Peak giving you beautiful views it is hard not to be sold. The moment you walk in the door the décor in the lobby is like looking into a glamour home magazine. The bright colors, upscale décor and amazing smell fills you with excitement. This room leads you into the clubhouse fit for a king. Full size kitchen, pool table, trendy furniture, fireplace and much more. Perfect residential party place with cooking classes and events. There is a two-story work out facility that has all of the state of the art equipment. From treadmills, elliptical, free weights, etc. Margaret even mentioned they rent mountain bikes to residents. Tell me that is not so cool! \n\nNow the pool was not fully built but she showed me a picture and explained to me all that is in store. Let's say this  will be vacation living. Raised pool patio with lounge area, Cabana's with TV's, spa and grill. Trust me I am missing something they had so much to offer.\n\nI saw two different two-bedroom apartments. The Biltmore and the other unit had a den. Very spacious floor plans all with modern appliances with tasteful cabinetry.  The  builders really did it up with the floor plans. All are completely upgraded. An example is the kitchen has tile as a backsplash, stainless steel appliances, and gas stovetop. What I love the most is the closet space. Finally apartments that have enough room to fit a shopping gals habits. There is even a coat closet when you first walk in. Designed with plenty of closet space throughout the unit. Even in the kitchen the cabinets can fit everything. \n\nI could go on and on about this place but too much positive stuff to write there is not enough Yelp space to go on. I say if you're moving to the valley or looking for a place. This is the place to go. You get a great deal as the price point is reasonable but the area of town is beyond beautiful.