You think buying a car is a pain? Try buying a travel trailer! The good news is that owning a travel trailer is way more fun that owning a car, and if I would have found Johnnie Walker sooner, the process would have actually been painless.\n\nDrinking wine around a campfire while my kids cook hot dogs over a flame was the extent of my camping skills 3 years ago, barely. I have really enjoyed taking my boys to KOA's where I could rent a cabin for $150+ a night and actually try and learn some camping skills in comfort. Since the last time I camped in an actual tent was about 30 years ago, when my dad did all the work, I felt that a cabin with running water, electricity and a bathroom was a more appropriate choice for me and my boys. And probably the safer choice since I had no idea when it was a good time or a bad time to hang your food in tree's so bears do not get them or us. \n\nMy wife hates camping. Wanted to mention that.\n\nAnyways, I have been admiring RV's from afar these past few years. Me and my boys would walk around at gaze in amazement at these cabins on wheels. On a trip this summer to a KOA in Utah, we saw an incredible RV and I had to have it. After doing some research, I realized that that particular model was priced at around $800k. Um, $800k for an RV is probably not going to work for me right now no matter how much I want a Ritz-Carlton on wheels. But seeing that RV changed me. I knew I had to get the wife onboard with my new RV fascination. \n\nI forced my wife to come with us to a KOA a few weeks ago and stay in a cabin. I would call it \"glamping\" but that is a stupid word. Surprisingly, she too was interested in all the interesting RV's around the property. She too enjoyed gazing at them in awe. We both were super curious as to how it all worked. What were those tubes? What were those wires? Why did some people have cute and quirky signs like \"Home Is Where My Trailer Is\" posted by their front door? Who were these people! Well, we were going to find out.\n\nIf I could offer my wife the comforts of home in a travel trailer, she was totally into it. Who knew that a KOA near the Grand Canyon could convince my wife to camp! Well, kinda camp. Glamp? Ugh, you get the picture.\n\nI went to Camping World first, and boy did they waste my time. I have an Audi Q7 that can tow up to 6,600. If I did not do any research myself, they would have had me in a very dangerous trailer and a dangerous situation. Luckily they had no follow through or I may have made a bad, expensive decision. Next up was Findlay. They did not have what I wanted, in the size I needed. I was suppose to see 4 trailers with them, I ended up only seeing 2. I was frustrated. At this point, 3 weeks had gone by and I wanted a trailer 3 weeks ago! I had done the research and knew what I wanted, but nobody could give it to me. I seriously was about to give up. I drove away from Findlay, and then I saw a Johnnie Walker RV sign and decided just to give it one more shot. I pulled in having no idea who they were. But I knew I liked Johnnie Walker scotch a lot, so how bad could it be.\n\nWell, it was incredible! I met a dapper guy named JJ who did not beat around the bush with me like the others had done, and within 24 hours I had purchased an incredible trailer that worked safely with my car. To say the team here knows their stuff is an understatement. They seriously go above and beyond in every way. Since this was my first trailer, I had countless questions, and Darcy along with JJ would answer my ignorant questions even if it was over the weekend, or at night. When I brought my family in, they treated us all like part of the family. I am not exaggerating.\n\nAllowing me to stay on property overnight after spending time with a tech learning the ropes, was more than priceless. I left this morning with my new trailer behind me feeling 100% confident. \n\nDo yourself a favor and do not go anywhere else to purchase an RV. Go see JJ and he will take incredible care of you. No joke. Not only did I get an amazing travel trailer at an amazing price, they also throw in all sorts of goodies to get you started! And free overnight stays at locations in NV and UT as well? I'm in!\n\nThe experience I had with this business was absolutely incredible. These people CARE about you. These are the people who put \"Welcome\" signs on their RV. These are the people I looked at from afar on my KOA trips and wondered who they were. These are the people I will see hooking up next to me on my next trip. These are my friends. I guess I now need to go buy a sign for my trailer that says, \"Home Is Where My Trailer Is\".\n\nThank you everyone at Johnnie Walker RV for making my first trailer purchase something truly special.