All aboard the hype train! Located inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel, this is definitely one of the busiest breakfast spots in town. Be ready to wait 15 minutes to order and another 10 to pick up your food! \n\nDespite my reservations, I ate here twice for good measure.\n\nThe first day I went to try this, the line was so long that I bailed. The next day I waited til lunchtime for good measure, and there was no wait at all. It's all in the timing! The classic 'Slut' is the signature dish here, but I was craving that yolky burst, so opted for a sandwich. \n\nI got the sausage, egg and cheese sandwich, which is made with turkey sausage and topped with a honey mustard aioli. It came out quick and fresh, which was almost a con because the cheese didn't fully melt. The egg, listed as over-medium, is actually still super soft in the middle so expect to get yolked on! I found the first few bites very bland, and it wasn't til I hit the yolk, the aioli in the middle, and a couple of more well-seasoned bits of the sausage that I really began to enjoy it. The cheese is weak for me - I'd prefer something with more of a tang. The brioche bun holds up well but I'm not convinced it's the best guy for the job... but maybe that's the Scottish, chewy white bread roll loving girl in me talking.\n\nOn day three everyone was too hungover to go out for breakfast, so I braved the long line alone in search of a Slut. After 10 minutes in line I was about to approach the cashier when another staff member came round and said they were out of Sluts and it'd be a 40-minute wait for more. So much for that! I called an audible for the bacon, egg and cheese sandwich, almost the same but with bacon instead of sausage and chipotle ketchup instead of aioli. This one had melted more, though annoyingly the bacon was crammed up one end and I burst the yolk out the side while trying to rearrange things. It was more flavorful (and much saltier) than the sausage, and the chipotle ketchup is definitely a better match to balance out the yolk than the aioli was. Again, the bun didn't fully satisfy me, I just don't think it goes as well with the yolk as another more rustic bread might. \n\nI'm not totally convinced, but still waiting to try that beautiful-looking coddled egg next time!