Worst location to rent a vehicle from coming from a Avis 1st (Avis Preferred) member for several years. In the past a guy name Carter owned (or managed I don't know) this location and his customer service was really great. He was very people oriented and helpful when it came to renting cars and accommodating in terms of the car type preferred. \nHOWEVER NOW this place SUCKS. I rented a car (small SUV) this weekend and upon entering this place which is located through the Sears auto center I was immediately annoyed because there was no one at the counter but I took a deep breathe and thought that maybe the person could be in that restroom (always give hr benefit of a doubt). \nI waited along with my children for about 5 minutes and the young lady walked in with a guy and just looked me up and down and went behind the counter to finish up with the guy which is okay with me he was there with her before I came. I stood behind him to wait in line and once she finished up with him I stepped up only to be presented with a blank stare as I smiled. I mentioned I was here to pick up my reserve vehicle and per protocol and asked for my DL. She gave me a contract and ask me to sign on all the lines I read and said how am I sign I g something to agree to pay for cleaning of stains in a vehicle I haven't seen or inspected. She said Ok I'll show you in a minute can you have a seat. HuH I was here first why am I taking a seat for her to take care of the people who came after me? \nNeedless to say I step to the waiting area in view and listening distance from the counter and stood. She checked back in the cars for the two people who were behind me before heading outside and coming back in telling me she checked the vehicle and it's good. I replied okay so I'll take the keys to inspect before signing as I stated. She gave me the keys and immediately as I approached I noticed a dent in the car with paint chipped and upon opening the door I saw stains in that seats so I kindly went back in to inform her and she came out and wrote it up. \nMY QUESTION:\nWhy did you go out to check the car and come back to say it's perfectly fine when it wasn't?\n\nHmmm Makes me feel that they are trying to get someone to be held responsible for the crappy cars they have and I'm honestly NOT THE ONE. I'm sure they try often and may succeed but not this here woman you can not fool.