Vegas pizza places can be broken down into 4 tiers. \nTier 1: Settebello, Grimaldi's, Old School Pizzeria\nTier 2: Metro Pizza, Rosati's. \nTier 3: Sunset Pizzeria, Papa Johns, Pizza Hut\nTier 4: Little Caesars or places that make DiGiorno Frozen Pizza look good.\n\nAfter 1 visit to Bistro I'm having a hard time putting them in my Tier 2 category. For one thing when I called they were out of garlic knots and cheese sticks. I was told it would be 45 minutes to have new ones ready. I'm sorry but I call bs on this one. Case in point, Benny Blancos on Capitol Hill in Denver is open from 11 am to 3 am and has always, ALWAYS had garlic knots available. Old School Pizzeria in NLV on Craig Road: Chef Gio has NEVER been out of garlic knots. And these are places that do some hella business. In short, not buying the excuse, try again. \n\nWe ordered mozzarella sticks for the kids, and two pizzas. Pizza #1 was a Pepperoni with one half having ham and pineapple. The crust was soft, kinda chewy. The ham had good flavor, but when the kids picked the pineapple off the slices we knew something was amiss. A quick taste had me wondering where they got their pineapple as it didn't taste anywhere close to fresh or even well packed in a can. \n\nMy pizza had sausage, ham, tomatoes, and black olives. Bistro's sausage is definitely a cut above much of the stuff I've found in Vegas to date. The ham was great. Overall...not bad. \n\nSauce wise everyone liked it...but we didn't get people raving over it like they do with Metro's stuff. And these pizzas were not overly greasy. Even with all the pepperoni it didn't look like it was swimming in grease like Metro's pizza's do. \n\nService: Kind of aloof. It's hard to explain and maybe it was because I wasn't having a good day but the man I talked to at the counter was not the most friendly person. There was also the issue of he almost sent a pizza out the door with the sheet of wax paper sticking halfway out the side. He saw this and reboxed the pizza but do it right the first time and you won't be wasting boxes. \n\nOverall: 3 Stars. We will try them again but the garlic knots excuse flat out won't fly with me, ever. If other pizza places can get it done...I can't give Bistro a free pass on it.