For our burger fix, the girlfriend and I decided to head out west to check out a placed called, Chuck & Co. If you have never been, it's located around the newly revamped area, Liberty Village. It's a little outta town, but trust me it's worth the commute. Warning yelpers, it's a long entry.\n\nWe went for a late dinner and my advice to anyone heading there a little before closing time, you can always place your orders for pick up. We placed our orders 30 minutes before closing and told them we would be there in about 15 or so minutes. We got there a little later but the food was fresh and ready for us. Instead of simply picking up our order, we asked if it's okay if we just ate here quickly. We felt kinda bad as they were closing in 10 mins, but the staff was very and I repeat again, very friendly. They said, don't rush and enjoy the food. So a very good first impression of the restaurant so far.\n\nWe ordered a ton of food so here's a list of what we got. My gf got the Bacon Cheddar Burger with fries and an ice tea. I got the Breakfast Burger and the Bacon Cheddar Burger with onion rings and a Black Cherry Boylan Soda. We also ordered a new drink called, New Leaf. It's a honeydew melon white tea sweetened with pure cane suger (sorry, no review here as we didn't end up drinking it). We got our food and proceeded to sit down. I looked at my gf and she seems to like the decor as well. It seems to show a little more character than W Burger Bar as it's a little more rustic, but in a modern way. There's a strong contrast with the decor inside and it worked.\n\nOur first couple of bites into the Bacon Cheddar Burger... AMAZING! We were trying to hold ourselves back as we knew what happened at W Burger Bar. So we decided to try out the onion rings and fries... and the onion rings, AMAZING as well. We were a little blown away. The fries on the other hand, good but nothing special. Went back to the burger and it was just as good, no joke. And I have to say, I think the onion rings are probably one of the best onion rings I have ever had. All the sides were made from scratch and the patty of course. We can taste the freshness of it and I liked the seasoning. I'm curious how this burger would taste with a regular sesame bun than their toasted ciabatta bun. Now the Breakfast burger was good, but not as good as the Bacon Cheddar Burger. How were the drinks you might ask? Well the drinks we good, but I liked the Johnnie Ryan Coke better from Burger Bar. Weird I know, but I'm definitely willing to give the Boylan drink a second chance the next time I'm back at Chuck & Co.\n\nOverall, I definitely liked Chuck & Co. Not only were the staff very friendly, I mean they were closing the tills, counting money, etc while we were eating. We didn't end up leaving till about 10 minutes or so after their closing time and they were STILL very nice. They even asked how was the food and everything with a smile, told us to have a goodnight as we left. So customer service was excellent. And the burger? A little messy but I liked the Bacon Cheddar Burger quite a bit and this will be the highest burger rating to date. I know my gf enjoyed it, maybe not as much as me... but definitely in her top list as well. The onion rings? One of the best as well, forget the fries Go for the ONION RINGS! So I recommend Chuck & Co. I'm waiting for a second trip back to see if maybe we just had a fluke good night, or maybe this something we can always expect. If I were to go back and it's the same results, trust me... this might be one of the better burger places period, I'm serious.