North Vegas is where you go when you've fucked up once too often on the strip and when you're not even welcome in the cut-rate downtown places. So ending up near the airport down by Sahara on this week night in Veags was just another level of confussion. \n\nThe mentality of Las Vegas is so grossly atavistic that a really massive crime can often slip by unrecognized.  The Blue Ox Tavern is no stranger to this sort of life style. Though I have to say that I was really surprised that upon coming here one night after an already long evening of drinking at a German beer house, we had to get buzzed into the place. \n\nYes, that's right. Buzzed into a bar. And while the Blue Ox seemed like a fairly safe haven from our storms with copious amounts of German schnitzel and alcohol, What with no hassles (besides the door), no talk, It was just a place to rest and regroup. I wasn't even hungry, which was sort of a shame because the happy hour\/late bird menu really looked tasty. \n\nThere's a rule in Vegas - Don't burn the locals. The main reason why you should follow it, is so that the same locals you didn't burn can take you to places like this. We were the only people in this bar on this weeknight. While I'm not sure if it was because of that, but the bartender would constantly come to the table and ask if we wanted another round. \n\nYeah, there's nothing like sobering up with more alcohol. And while their selection wasn't that great, they at least had New Castle. A classic favorite of mine. \n\nFound out that this place is a gathering spot for Minnesotans in the weekly sacrament of watching their Vikings play. For a second there I was stupid with shock -- not knowing whether to run or start laughing that Las Vegas would have a lot of Minnesota transplants.\n\nOh well, I guess the only real draw back to this place is that at the late hours you have to get buzzed in. I mean, that alone makes you feel like you're in a scummy area. Over all, a good little tavern to get your drink on when you want to escape the strip and all its madness.