My husband and I went to Sunsplash for the first time this past Friday evening.  My hubby forgot the directions at home (we live in Casa Grande), but the park was still very easy to find from the 60.  Upon arrival, we were greeted by a tight parking lot filled with security.  At first I wondered about all the security guys, but once I saw all the people who liked to stop in the middle of the road to drop off\/pick up, thereby holding up traffic, it started making sense.  After finally finding a parking spot, we had to wait in line for about 20 minutes to get in.  We especially enjoyed sucking in everyone's exhaust fumes and cigarette smoke while we waited in line.\n\nAfter we paid our admission, we had to have our duffel bag searched.  (I think seeing the President would take less security.)  Their website says \"You may only bring in factory sealed bottled water.\"  I had done my research ahead of time and had brought 2 unopened SoBe waters.  When our bag was searched, security told us we couldn't bring them into the park because they weren't \"regular waters\".  It shouldn't matter whether it's flavored\/colored water, it is still water and it says so right on the bottle.  My hubby was annoyed after all that waiting as it was, so when he heard this he asked for a refund and was told that wasn't possible even though we had yet to enter the park.\n\nOnce we got into the park, we had to go wait in another line to rent a locker ($11 with a $5 refund when the key is brought back).  The key has to be carried with you the whole time you're at the park, and the cord is too big to stay on your wrist, which makes it difficult to hold onto when you're flying down a slide.  The lockers are pretty small, probably because they want you to pay to rent more than one.  While we were in line for that, I scanned their beverage prices, which included a $2.50 bottle of water.  What a ripoff.  I only found one water fountain in the whole park, and that's by the restrooms when you first come in.\n\nAfter we finally crammed our towels, shoes, etc. into the tiny locker, we went to go ride some slides, which, of course, you also have to wait in line for.  We managed to ride only 4 slides in 2 hours, and then we had to rush home to give our diabetic cat his insulin shot.\n\nI found the employees who instruct you at the rides to be very pleasant and friendly.  The park itself was very clean, although the restrooms are nothing to write home about.  I wanted to shower and change into dry clothes for the long ride home before we left, but there were no hooks on the back of the restroom doors to hang anything up so it wouldn't get wet.  You'd think with the prices they charge, they could go to the dollar store and get some plastic hooks to stick on the back of the doors, at least.\n\nWe're moving to the Valley in the near future, so we will probably visit again.  However, we will leave towels over the seats in the car, not bring them in, and we'll get water shoes\/aqua socks to wear.  We'll get one of those plastic wristband key chain things to put the car key on.  That way we won't have to rent a locker for anything.  Oh, yeah, and we'll bring \"regular water\".  Pffft.