Thai is my favorite cuisine on Earth, and in the four months or so that we've lived in Phoenix, we've tried quite a few places and have assembled a roster of places in the Valley that serve at least decent Thai. I'm happy to say that after eating at Thai Lahna with Jim W. and his wife Audrey, we now have another Thai place besides Swaddee (in Chandler) and Wild Thaiger (in downtown) that we're not just ok with going to but actually excited about. \n\nI'm docking Thai Lahna one star for the *really* slow service (I don't recommend going if you're on the verge of starving or with people you don't have much to say to), the less-than-stellar appetizers (the chicken satay was pretty bland and we've had better angel wings elsewhere), and that damn bright light from cars that were parking that kept blinding us that Jim W. mentioned in his review. \n\nAll this aside, Thai Lahna's super-flavorful main dishes merit four stars. The Khung Nahm Prik Pow was filled with high-quality shrimp (rare for Phoenix!), lots of well-chosenand fresh vegetables, and a really complex and rich curry and chili sauce. It was different than any sautee I've had at a Thai restaurant before but incredibly delicious. The Mussaman Curry was also a real standout. The beef wasn't as high-quality or tender as the beef that comes in Wild Thaiger's version of the same dish, but the curry itself was rich, flavorful, and not overly coconutty (if that isn't a word, it should be). The pineapple fried rice was also super satisfying, but be forewarned that if you ask for it spicy (as my husband did), it will be just that - sinus-clearing spicy. My husband and I weren't in love with the Pad Thai (Phaht Thai on their menu) - we prefer it a little more savory and a little less saucey - but it was one of the better we've had in Phoenix and Jim W. is right that the noodles' sweetness was necessary in this case to balance out the intense spiciness of that rice!\n\nThai Lahna serves authentic and flavorful Thai food that meets our Bay Area standards, and we will definitely be back. We won't, however, come when we are too hungry and we will probably avoid the appetizers and just go straight to the entree good stuff.