I've been craving for a really good cheesesteak ever since I watched Throwdown w\/ Bobby Flay: Cheesesteak a few days ago (on DVR).  I thought it a perfect time to visit friend Anthony Duca's baby, Daddy Duke's in Avondale.  (Truth be told, I've promised Anthony I'd try his family's cooking years ago when his son-in-law used to own the Philadelphia Sandwich Co. in Old Town Scottsdale.  Anthony himself used to own and run Mancini's in Phoenix before selling it and opening DD.  This is the first time I was able to live up to my promise.)  \n\nI walked into the clean, uncluttered restaurant around 4:45p.  I was surprised to see Tony there, along with his wife Mary and Tony's father, who is visiting from New Jersey.  I instantly felt at home in this space that could easily fit 100+ patrons.  As to why, I really cannot say.  The look and the vibe just took me back to the days of family dining in CA and all of the eastern states I lived in.  My server was friendly and helpful as I tried to get a few food issues cleared away.  I already knew I'd order cheesesteak, but I also wanted to try the sweet potato fries here.  [I needed to find out if they were of the same version sold at the PSC, bec. I did not like the ones I tried there.  When Mary said that DD serves pancake syrup with their fries here, I knew to stay away (PSC serves its fries w\/ syrup, too.)]  I was also torn between silencing my cheesesteak craving or ordering the special this evening, which was penne with prosciutto and peas with a garlic butter sauce.  In the end, I wished I'd tried the pasta.  \n\nThe 10' cheesesteak I chose was steak, provolone, and grilled onions in a roll.  The bread had a nice crust on the outside and was soft on the inside.  Since I'm a fan of crusty bread, I'll have to ask them to carve out some of the soft bread next time, since it really was too much bread for me.  The meat and the fried onions were good, but the cheese was lacking, and when Mary asked me if I was enjoying the sandwich, I told her it was just \"ok\" since it needed more cheese.  As I opened up the other half of the roll to show her, she asked \"Well, where's the cheese?\"  She immediately corrected the oversight, and the sandwich was a little tastier after that.  I wasn't going to order anything for dessert since I'd planned to go to Angel Sweet in Chandler for some gelato, but the dessert sign on the table exclaimed \"Cannoli, Pumpkin roll, Cheesecake, Eat me!,\" so I had asked if the cannolis and the pumpkin roll contained **.  The baker reported yes on both, but no allergens in the pumpkin cheesecake.  \"Oh, alright, I'll have the pumpkin cheesecake.\"  Am I glad I did, for this was the highlight of the meal!  If you're a pumpkin cheesecake lover, you must try DD's version.  You won't be sorry!\n\nSo three stars only for the cheesesteak and the overall service- clean, uncluttered space; clean restroom; and inviting atmosphere.  My original server had to leave early, and my other server didn't come to check as often as the first; otherwise, I may have rated an extra star for the service alone (it irked me a little that, after fruitlessly waiting for my server to pick up my check and credit card, I had to walk over to the register to pay for my meal myself- don't know if this is standard practice here).  The extra star was for the awesome cheesecake- the pumpkin and cream cheese filling was so light and tasted exquisite with the graham cracker crust.  The light dusting of cinnamon was just perfect!  I'd drive 17 miles one-way just to eat another slice.\n\nBTW, plan on visiting for dinner around the same time (5'ish), as the parking lot started to fill up by the time I left (around 5:30p).\n\np.s.  I will have to try the sweet potato fries next time I visit DD's.  I think weeks' old oil may have been the culprit at PSC (dirty-looking, soggy fries tasted very greasy- inedible, I thought).