BAM! 5 stars all around. Receptionist- 5 stars. Front lobby- 5 stars. Massage therapist-5 stars. I feel like Oprah, y'all. YOU get 5 stars. YOU get 5 stars. EVERYBODY gets 5 stars. Seriously, though, read on.\n\nI received a gift card for this spot for my anniversary and I was SUPER excited when I saw it because I had this spot bookmarked on my Yelp, so I was like \"Sweeeeeet!\". The place has pretty good reviews and even with the not so favorable reviews, I was willing to give this spot a try. Queue the relaxation. \n\nMaking an appointment for this place was really easy. I called up a few days before, for a Monday appointment(they suggest making an appointment a week in advance, but I knew since I was requesting a Monday that I would have a fighting chance) and Rick, the owner answered. He did put me on hold briefly, but I like holding because it allowed my anxiety and I to talk about how they were going to reject me. So, when Rick returned to the line, he was able to get me in for a massage with Michael and was very pleasant to talk to. He seemed genuinely passionate about his business and about this being my first time to the establishment. I *love* feeling like someone wants my business(no, not THAT business. Jeeez!). So, I hung up feeling really jazzed about the whole appointment.\n\nMonday rolls around and I get to my appointment 20 minutes early, just in case there are any forms I needed to fill out....aaaannddd there is none. Better safe than sorry. The receptionist with the rad, colorful hair was very nice and offered me some water. She let me know that Michael would be out to get me at my scheduled appointment time. The front area has couches, products for sale(lotions, handmade jewelry, essential oils, body stuffs). I did use the restroom which was clean and smelled good(points!). I do want to note one thing, this is NOT some fancy, hoity toity spa. This is a lovely, down to earth, relaxation experience. I can appreciate fancy, but this place fits my needs in that it is comfortable, well priced, located in a nice area away from the strip, and has friendly folks who want to help you have a great appointment. \n\nMichael(a.k.a Magic Mike 2.0-my new nickname for him)came out to get me right at my scheduled appointment time and I could tell I was going to absolutely adore him right off the bat. He has a very positive, playful vibe about him that instantly made me feel comfortable. Internally, I was like \"YES!\" because you know when you meet someone and you're like \"dammit. I chose wrong!!\"?  This wasn't one of those times. They had put me with the massage therapist I was meant to be with. \n\nMichael led me back to his massage room and we briefly discussed my problem areas and he seemed psyched about helping me out. He left the room while I gave myself a striptease and got under the warm covers of the massage table and then he knocked and came back in. Hello, I am basically nekkid. Massage me, please.\n\nThe table was heated, which was LOVELY and Michael told me to let him know if it was too hot and also to let him know if I wanted more pressure\/less pressure and most importantly, if something made me feel uncomfortable, to let him know straight away. Check, check, check!  The room was dimly lit as you'd expect for a relaxing massage and it was a comfortable temperature with a nice scent. I was into it. There was music, which was an eclectic mix of classical, instrumental 80s type, and standard relax music you'd expect at a spa. I didn`t mind and I liked the quirkiness of it. \n\nThe massage was AMAZING. I honestly didn`t even have to have Michael adjust the pressure at all. He knew when to use firmer pressure on some of my difficult spots and when to ease up. He used a nice mixture of techniques, including hot stones, to really loosen up my problem areas. I was so relaxed and drifted off into human jello land. When it came time to turn over, I could barely move. Can you just turn me over like a tortilla, please? No? Okay.*Flops over like a fish*. At the end he did some work on my neck and told me to relax my neck into his hands, which I found INCREDIBLY hard to do, but I tried. Actively letting go is difficult sometimes, even when you're at a spot that encourages that and is meant for that. When the massage was over, Michael let me know that he would have water waiting for me out in the hall after I dressed and was ready to come out. Very comfortable, NON awkward experience.\n\n1. I will DEFINITELY be back. Michael is amazing at his craft. He's a very lovely, funny individual who deserves his praise for his work. \n\n2. Massages and Facials are $10 less on Mondays and Tuesdays. I paid $90 for an 80 minute massage before tip. UNHEARD OF for the quality. Really a slammin' deal. \n\n3. There is no 3. Oh, I could barely walk after my massage because I was so sleepy, so I sat in my car for 15 minutes and ate a granola bar. True story.