I went to Fisshu as part of a work event with a group of colleagues who were taking me out for my last week in my 6 month work assignment. The place is located on Ste-Catherine Street across the street from The Bay (La Baie) but on the same side of the street as The Bay (it is on the side of Ste-Catherine opposite the Burger King).\n\nWe went there during lunch and this place was crowded. We were a group of 9 people. It gets very busy at lunch so reservations are recommended.\n\nI found that the food was good for all you can eat sushi. In terms of service, I wasn't overly impressed. As an example, half our table ordered wonton soup and the other half ordered hot & sour soup and the people who ordered the wonton soup got it at the beginning whereas the people who ordered the hot & sour soup got their soups after a few plates of sushi were already brought out to the table (and completely finished). We also had to ask about the hot & sour soup order a few times.\n\nFor those of you who haven't been to one of these AYCE (all you can eat) type of places in Montreal, basically there is a sheet of paper containing the items that you fill in, marking the quantity of the different items that you want brought to your table. Excluding them bringing the food to you, it is exactly like a buffet in that you pay a fixed price and the only increase in price is if you would order a drink or if you waste food (so you should be careful about how much food you order).\n\nI thought that all the items that we ordered were very good. My personal favourites were the different types of tempura dishes along with the sashimi (raw fish). The sashimi didn't have any type of weird fish smell\/taste.\n\nDessert is included in the price. They had 3 types of ice cream (chocolate, mango, and green tea). I personally had the mango and green tea. One of my colleagues also ordered a type of Japanese sweet bread (not sure of the name) which was on the dessert menu.\n\nI give them 3 stars. They basically lost a star for the service and for restaurants, I only give 5 stars for restaurants that have excellent service, excellent food, and no problems whatsoever.