I had heard good things about Anna Marie's from a friend and decided to give it a try.  I am so glad I did!  It's a rather small place.  If you like wine, they appear to have a good selection!\n\nI was seated at a four top.  I hated taking up the room of such a large table for a solo diner but it was not a problem as the flow during the time I was there made it OK.\n\nAsking my server, Justin, several questions about appetizers, I learned they're all meant to be shared.  I really wanted the fried calamari but instead opted for the zucchini sticks.  I went brain dead.  I never thought of ordering a cup\/small bowl of soup.  The zucchini sticks arrived and there were 10--5 on each side of the dish with marinara in the center for dipping.  The zucchini was very good, the marinara quite tasty, but just too much food.  I stopped after eating five and Justin packed the other 5 for takeout.\n\nFor the main course, I ordered chicken Sorrentino--Chicken breast topped with eggplant, prosciutto, and mozzarella, in a light brown sauce with onions.  With your meal, you get a choice of pasta, broccoli, spinach, and one other thing I can't remember.  I went with the pasta, choosing rigatoni with their red sauce.  I could have gotten it with the same sauce as the chicken but I wanted to taste their red sauce.\n\nThe chicken dish was excellent.  The brown sauce was so very rich I was somewhat wishing I'd gotten it on my rigatoni.  The red sauce on the rigatoni was good.  It is a LOT of food.  Still there was room for dessert.  After all, I had them box 5 zucchini sticks!\n\nA special dessert yesterday was Nutella cheesecake with Oreo cookie crumb crust.  It was excellent!!\n\nService was exceptional.  The entire staff worked as a team.  I know they probably had assigned tables but any person walking by would remove a dirty plate.  My iced tea was refilled several times, and the ice brought in a glass in the beginning proved to be very useful!\n\nOne intangible thing about Anna Maria's.  Everyone seemed genuinely pleased to have you as a customer.  Every person I interacted with was pleasant, welcoming, and friendly.  Since Anna Maria's is only about two miles from my house, I'll be back!  Well deserved four stars!