OMG--I love this place.  My new AZ friends host an annual Mardi Gras party with a live band and I received my invite at the end of December, reminding me to start thinking about a costume.  I had no idea what to wear and decided to find a costume shop online for ideas.\n\nEasley's presented itself as the only real option that was close (even though it took 40 mins to get there from Surprise) and boasted a host of costumes that could be rented or purchased.  This was great for 2 reasons--I didn't want to buy a costume that I'd only wear for 1 night if it were going to cost more than $30 and didn't have the time\/patience to throw something together as I heard many of the past partygoers suggest.  (I do have a normal day job & sewing is not one of my domestic skills!)\n\nUpon arrival, the storefront looked smaller than I imagined.  I assumed it would be like a Costco warehouse b\/c there were so few costume stores in the Phoenix area, and if this were 'it' for costume stores, I just thought it would be aisles and aisles of costumes where I might have to push around one of those oversized carts and then buy a polish hotdog afterward b\/c I'd be so famished from shopping.  But that was not the case.\n\nIn this compact little space, they organized the store very well and utilized every possible inch of wall space to display what they didn't have room for on the floor.  Since Mardi Gras was a few weeks away when I was shopping, they had racks of rental costumes and an entire section with accessories.  I found what I needed quickly--a floor length cape for $25 and a huge gold crown.  It was perfect.  (Please note, that although the Mardi Gras costumes were my main concern & the focus of this post, they had a ton of other things in there).\n\nWhile I was waiting in line, I couldn't help but notice how many different varieties of bunny head masks they had for rent.  There must have been about 15 different bunny heads mounted on display.  Who knew bunny costume renters would be so particular about the facial features on a bunny head....?