Talk about different concept for restaurant. Not sure if seen something like The Mixx Grill and Lounge before or recall. The restaurant is not much different then other high end restaurants\/lounge. The difference starts get seated there this huge circle flat top and then whole line of individual ingredients laid out really nice on ice. It was my first time so had no idea. I like this is going be interesting. You get the menu again throws you off. The DIFFERENT concept is you basically build your own side and dessert. Two parts too the menu one half has your list of appetizers. It nice long list with good diversity. Soups and Salads. The second part is the Fresh Market or build your own side. The way that works you make as many selections form each section start with Sauces, From the Earth, Land, or Ocean. Also have Premium section offers more proteins choose from but since Premium paying more for them. I do like the way they present the premium section to the table. At first thinking cigar box because literally looks like one or tea box. Once our server open the box really fancy high end display of  all the premium products. The desserts work the same way build your own except without the fanfare of premium box. LOL!!\n\nI came with friends. We ordered couple different appetizers. I ordered one of the build your own sides. I went with the soy and ginger vinaigrette, spinach, baby bok choy, basmati rice, zucchini, chicken breast. It was ok. It NOT at all eye appealing. Is kind of ironic everything else is very much fine dining and very well presented on plates. Reality is build your own side is stir fry. The portion size for the money is great deal. I would recommend less is better comes to choosing your components. If order side the side share so can get taste more of the menu. I only had room for the roasted tomato bruschetta. It was good. The desserts were very good. We tried four different ones forgot the names. Each one stood out. The service was awesome. Our waiter was on it all night. The food nothing that wow me.\n\nThe lounge area is pretty cool. Out front they have patio area in Boca Park. They got huge wide screens. I could see myself hanging out at the lounge on HH checking out game. The food not so much cause nothing stood out for me.