I started out today looking for a specific handgun and stumbled across ctr on the internet as I searched for Arizona gun shops. Their website claimed they had several of that specific model in stock and that they had the lowest prices, I was instantly excited. I called ahead just to double check they had it avail and got their voicemail. I tried again and no answer so I left a message at roughly 1030AM. A few hours later, tried again... Same thing voicemail. 6 hours later, I decided to head over and check them out. I spent an hour going the wrong way in rush hour traffic and arrived at about 530 only to find the store was actually smaller than my bathroom and had only 25 or so guns on display. I felt duped but wanted to give them the benefit of the doubt so I waited patiently for 10 minutes for the guy to finish with a previous customer. I then explained what I was looking for he said he could get it for me?!? I told him his site said he had 18 of them he then said that meant he could get me one, I explained that other stores that I normally frequent like Scottsdale gun club and shooters world have guns on their site and that when they do, they do in fact have them in store for purchase. He then said again I can get one for you. I explained that I even called ahead hours prior to make sure it was there and got no return call nor could I even get someone to answer the phone... His response was that when customers are in the store he doesn't answer the phone?!? I said in 6 hours, you didn't have just 2 minutes to return my call? He was short with me and offered no real solution so I left upset and continued on to Scottsdale gun club. I spent a few dollars more and got my gun but was treated like someone should be when spending almost a thousand dollars for a good or service! I don't normally post reviews, in fact this is only my second... But I wasted 2 hours of my life today and my hope is that this might help others not to do the same! \n\n*EDIT* to owners response... I find it hard to believe that over a 6 hour span in a shop as small as this that the owner was so over run with customers that he didn't have just 2 minutes to pick up the phone and return my call over almost a 7 hour period? Then to imply that most of your business is dedicated to online sales and in the same breath say that the customers that call aren't as important as the ones in your store?? How can you, as a business owner, differentiate and say that some customers are more important than others? A customer is a customer is a customer is a customer... we all should be important!  News flash... might want to hire somebody to help you out since you are so busy.  Having never been to his store, I had no idea what to expect (which is why i called)... Nevertheless, I am a CUSTOMER and you see how he responded to my review... which was exactly the treatment I received at his store! Had he of been customer service oriented and offered an apology along with some sort of a solution, things may have gone differently. I've been in sales for nearly 30 years now and am a business owner myself with 46 employees. I'll let you in on a little secret... people don't necessarily buy from you just because you have the \"lowest\" prices. People in general want to be taken care of and made to feel important and will spend a little more and buy from someone that provides them that service and you sir... are definitely not that person. I do, however, look forward to more sarcastic responses from you!