If there was the option for a zero rating that's what I'd rate THIS Budget location. \n\nFirst of all, If you're even remotely considering renting from here because it seems like you're getting a good deal, don't waste your time....unless of course, you'd love to be greeted (or lack there of) with NO SMILE, just a simple stare and waiting for you to speak and initiate the transaction. If you don't care about being treated like a customer should, then by all means, this is the place for you! I'm pretty sure you're part of the majority of customer clientele that expects a positive customer service experience. Period.\n\nI found a good deal off Priceline and since I knew of Budget (opposed to the other rental companies with good deals but I didn't recognize), I decided to rent from them. Good so far. Until I show up that night to pick up my rental. I'm beckoned out of line by the raise of one hand. No smile. No, \"how are you doing this evening?\" Nada. Just a blank stare and waited for me to initiate the transaction. I take out my reservation confirmation number and give it to the representative. She takes it and pulls up my res. Then proceeds to ask me to choose from two cars. Then, the part where it gets a little sour....She asks about insurance coverages. I proceeded to tell her I purchased insurance through the online site, PLUS I have my own full coverage insurance that has rental accident coverage included AND I have a credit card that also covers rental...she STILL tried to hustle me to take their insurance and when I said no, again, she gives me the breakdown of how I am liable for all charges if I damage their vehicle. Basically giving me the biggest guilt trip for declining their insurance. Finally, she stopped harassing me and moved on after a few minutes of back and forth. Upon finishing the transaction and printing up my contract, she gives me my contract and says, \"Okay, you're set to go.\" That's it. No, \"thank you.\" No, \"have a nice night.\" Nada. \n\nThe duration of my trip there with the car was fine. The car itself worked great and I was happy with it. \n\nAs of this point of my rental experience the rating sat at a \"3.\" However, this quickly turned for the worse when I returned to the facility. We pull up at 1130 p.m., which was approx. 2-1\/2 hours prior to the departure of our flight. There was only one attendant but only 4 cars ahead of us. I think to myself, cool, this should be quick...NOPE. \n\nWell, we wait...and wait...and wait. The attendant finally gets to us 15 minutes later, tries to blame us for a scratch on the car that was on there when I got the car (I showed her my slip showing that I marked that location on the car). Then she tells me their machines are down at her location so we had to go upstairs to the front counter and check out. I'm thinking, great, I have to see another stellar (sarcastic) service agent and now have to wait in another line.\n\nWe get to the lobby area and there is a line of about ten people and 5 representatives. I was already a little irritated that we had to wait 15 min. just to return our car, but had hoped that it wouldn't take that long. Again, we waited, and waited, and waited. 10 minutes go by and only one person in front of me moved up to be helped.  As I'm waiting, I'm wondering why it's taking so long. I observe to see what looks like the representatives not being sure of each part of their transaction and constantly asking one another for clarification. (WTHeck!)...Okay, fine, they want to be sure they're doing the right thing, but for every little thing?\n\nThen, I start to see them ushering each other to the back room (to discuss something??? I don't know). Then, I see who looks like the supervisor come out and starts talking story to the representatives, with no care of the long line of customers waiting. At this point, I start timing how much time is spent on each person and it took about 10 minutes per customer for each representative...some even more!!! So, after only two people being helped and already 20+ minutes had passed, I walked out of line to the counter to ask them to maybe form two lines: one for returning and another for pick up, expressing my concern for being late for my flight. The representative responds by making a snide comment back saying, \"maybe you should have came 2-1\/2 hours earlier.\"  I told her I DID but now you're making it 1-1\/2 hours with this long wait. She says, \"Okay, WE'LL TRY.\" Held my lip and went back in line. I wait another 5 minutes before they start separating the lines, but I STILL waited another ten minutes to be helped. Now, did I have to make a big deal for good business practices to be done??? \n\nIn a nutshell, we're never going back there again. If I were you, I'd follow suit.