I'm sure there are those who would not enjoy the food, service, or atmosphere at the Cornish Pasty Company. They would be wrong. Don't hang around those kind of people. Life is too short. We started with the chicken liver pate and Scotch egg. Both quite excellent. I really liked the honey mustard that came with the egg but my wife requested something else and tried the tsiki sauce. Killer. Btw, these folks aren't pouring stuff out of a bottle or bucket or microwaving your dinner. This is real food prepared by real chefs who know what their doing and it shows. I hadn't had a pate in a long time so it kind of got to be 'new' again for me. First bite. Interesting. And every mouthful became more interesting and delightful. I refrained from liking the bowl because of some sense of shame if seen.We split an 'Oggie' for our pasty experience. This is I think their most popular pasty and it was very good dipped in the house-made red wine gravy. Steak, rutabaga, potatoes, and onion. There's probably fifteen or so other pasties to choose from. Note there is a difference between a pasty (short a) and pasty (long a). In some places, pasties (long a) are required. We ordered dessert based on hearing a 'wow' from a nearby table and looking just in time to see a spoon moving from mouth back to dessert. Choc cake, topping and ice cream. Yes.\n\nTop staff. Jenny, our waitress, if she's in, ask for her. Blouse and jewelry to match her tats. And any young woman with a 'Dad' tat hits this Grandpa's sweet spot. Randy, the manager, cruises the place and seems to genunely care about your dining experience. The staff seems to like working t\n\nOne last word that maybe best describes this place. I ordered a Speckled Hen Ale. Unusual to even see on the menu. English ale. I had to try it. #1 - it was an ale of a quality I would love to drink it on a regular basis. #2 - it was served at the proper temperature so that one could fully enjoy its quality. Not that American fetish ice-cold thing that allows a nation to drink swill and not know it. Yep. Beer snob here. Sue me. But not too bad. I drink Grain Belt whenever I have a chance.