I've given this place three chances now and each time it got worse.  This last time I was left just completely disgusted with this place. \n\nA group of 11 of us came here for brunch.  It took 20 minutes to get just water on the table, then the server, Gina, took our orders but informed us that they were out of bloody maries which sucked because that was part of the whole reason we went there to begin with.  4 people opted to get the bottomless mimosas.  They got their first glass and then she never came back to offer them refills.  We waiting over an hour and food never came.  When we asked to talk to a manager, we were informed that they ran out of champagne so the manager was out picking up more.  At this point, we were ready to just walk out but we felt sorry for the server and despite their complete disorganization and lack of customer service, we decided to be nice and stay.\n\nThe food FINALLY came out and most everyone was sorely disappointed.  The only thing that seemed good were the waffles.  I ordered the fried egg sandwich and the eggs were so overcooked it was like 2 pieces of rubber.  The \"Canadian bacon\" was just a paper thin piece of ham on top of a flat squishy English muffin.  Then there were fries covered in gravy.  This dish was so disgusting I had one bite and couldn't eat anymore.\n\nThey finally informed us that they got more champagne and bloody maries so we started ordering rounds and she kept bringing them out, but she forgot someone's ice tea and refilling my water.  We reminded her and the busser 4 different times for the iced tea and it finally came at the very end of the meal.\n\nA funny thing that happened during brunch. There were quite a few groups with children and one of these groups had what looked like an 11-year-old's birthday.  They ordered the \"birthday special\", which is this giant ice cream dessert that the servers bring out with sparklers and make a big show of it.  Well when this happened, they started playing the \"Go Shawty it's your birthday\" song, which the lyrics are SOOO inappropriate for that particular moment. It was comical.\n\nOverall this place sucks and has absolutely no business being open.  I will NEVER eat here again, and like every business in this location before it, I'm sure we'll see a closed for good sign on its doors soon.