DISCLAIMER: \n\nWhen you read this review, please note that I am in no way a huge drinker or gambler and did not get the chance to enjoy the slot machines except for the blackjack slots. \n\nI was pretty excited to spend the weekend in Vegas with my family and friends near the holidays as we normally do during that time yearly. This time we decided to keep it cheap, so we decided on the Hooters Hotel and Casino. Here are just a few things:\n\nThe garage elevator was the scariest experience of my life. I hate elevators to begin with, they make me claustrophobic right off the bat, but this one, the doors didn't even open up all the way to let us out and I felt like we were almost in between floors when this happened. I didn't use this when we needed to return to the parking garage on the day we left either, I opted to use the stairs instead, all 5 stories of them. Whatever, I could use the exercise. \n\nI know that casinos smell like booze and cigs for the most park, but just walking through the casino nauseated me. The stench of cigs were just so potent. I felt like I was consumed, seriously, and we visited plenty of other hotel and casinos and did just fine with the smoke. My hair smelled for days after that even after plenty of shampoo applications.\n\nIt's sort of disturbing when you see a pregnant Hooters girl at their Hooters restaurant inside of this hotel waiting on tables with all that smoke going around. In fact, we took this trip a while ago and we are still talking about that. \n\nThis is located a little bit off the strip, so its sort of a walk to all the main attractions, if you don't mind all of the cons mentioned above, then just the amount of money you save on a room is sort of worth it to stay there. \n\nThe rooms were extremely cheesy. Adorned in Hooters paraphernalia, as it was expected though. The coat hanger in the bathroom was ripped off and not replaced, the beds were so so and the view from our room was....errrr....fantastic (insert sarcastic remark here). \n\nI do have to say though, the Hooters casino waitresses don't disappoint. The one time I sat at the slot machines with my sister, they were very prompt to serve us our free drink. Chintzy on the alcohol though, as I guess that's expected given this isn't exactly a 5 star hotel, and I'm not a huge drinker to begin with. Needless to say, we have passed on staying here since this trip. If you're looking for a really cheap hotel that's close enough to the strip and you don't mind pregnant waitresses waiting on you in heavy cig smoke, then Hooters is your place!