Full disclosure: My estranged nephew works at this bar. \n\nHowever, in the time I visited he refused to make eye contact with me and repeatedly held his hands over his ears when I attempted to order, so I do not believe I am biased in this regard. Unfortunately he was the only bartender working at the time, and I was unable to try any of the drinks or food at this establishment. This does not mean I did not enjoy my stay! I had a crazy afternoon in this \"dirty\" (not in the sense of hygiene) swingers paradise! The people I encountered here will surely be imprinted on my mind for many years, possibly until death. Men and women alike were alive with the sound of music on this dance floor! 10 of us beeped and bopped to the rhythms of modern music! The dance style here is very different from what I am used to, but none-theless it was VERY enjoyable. For those who have not visited: wear tight pants(!!!) the women in this bar are not afraid to rub themselves across your gentleman's region! Thank goodness my wife and mother were seeing a film across the street at the time!\n\nI don't know what they put in these \"Martinis\" of theirs (I was never provided with a menu on account of my nephew), but as the hours wore on many of my new found friends appeared to become very tired or sick. I am actually quite glad I didn't have a chance to sample any, as most smelled of rubbing alcohols, or sugars. To each their own I guess. My companion for the hour, \"Berta\", drank many of these drinks very quickly, and out of a tiny glass. It was very fun to watch!\n\nAll around I had a great experience and would definitely recommend this spot if you're passing through. I will be taking my son there for his 17th.\n\nIf I have anything negative to say (aside from the lack of respect from my sister's son) it is this: Unfortunately I had a run in with a manager towards the end of my visit, and was forced to leave before I was done having fun. Dave, if you're reading this, I'm sorry about the mess, but the police escort was highly unnecessary and insulting. Not to mention it was highly embarrassing to be reprimanded for public indecency in front of my new friends, who were clearly enjoying the show!      \n\nAll the best,\n~Steve