OK--I'm not just saying this because I love all things Cleveland. I'm realistic...\n\nBut if you're looking for something to do on a Friday night, love random flights, sports and beers--this is right up your alley! \n\nI agree with all the super-fun things everyone else mentioned, but I do want to clarify some things as I think there may have been some changes recently. \n\nWe came here with my boyfriend's 8 year old and although he had a ton of fun, I didn't think this event was as family friendly as everyone else did, and here's why: \n\n1) Actually reasons 1-3 are the Lake Erie Monsters girls. \n\nSeriously? Did they dress these girls with leftovers from Christie's? I swear to GOD this isn't just me being uptight. It's borderline impossible to offend me--but when an 8 year old is watching a strip show (on cold ice, no less) next to you-- I don't quite think it's appropriate. Now, again, before you jump down my throat for \"exaggerating\", please note that my bf's son was so embarrassed, laughed the whole time and asked, \"Why is their hair making so much commotion?\" He was referring to the only dance-move they seemed to know, where they're bent over, swinging their hair in circles... continuously. While I'm sure this has it's entertainment value, it's not really something I find appropriate for young boys or girls, for that matter! \n\n4) We all love a great fight--but it's slightly hilarious to see 6 and 7 year olds cheering on brutal punches with signs saying, \"Fight, Fight Fight!\" A girl and her father were punching the glass while a fight was happening right in front of them--so much so that the ref had to yell at them. Great example! I know, I know... that's what hockey is about. But there's more to the sport, right?! I just find it strange that we're teaching our children to rally behind random violence, etc. etc. etc. \n\nI also don't want to make it seem like this was a negative experience (see those 5-stars?) It was a blast--I just felt like I shaved off some of Kelton's childhood by bringing him there. You know, kind of like that feeling after you let your kid watch a horror film you remembered being much less gruesome, but it's too late now--that kind of thing. \n\nIn the future, I think I'd keep this as an adult activity or something we do with Kelton when he's over the age of 15. (God--I feel like the most uptight person ever now...)