We are new to Arizona and made the mistake of choosing Arizona Avenue Animal Clinic for our 11 year old cat, who visited them to be groomed. Our first impression when my husband and I walked in was this was not the place for her. It was 8:30 in the morning on a Wednesday, there were 3 ladies at the front desk and one customer sitting and filling out paperwork. No one asked if they could help us or even acknowledged we were there and it was quite obvious all the front desk employees were in a bad mood.  When they finally got around to helping us, I provided paperwork to show her recent rabies vaccination from February of this year. When I set up the appointment, I asked if they would need proof of her vaccine history. The person I spoke with on the phone stated rabies was all they cared to see. When the lady drew up our paperwork for the days visit (a simple grooming), she also added on an addition $175 in additional vaccines and exams our cat would need, without even asking if she was current first. On the new client paperwork it asked if our pet was aggressive and would need sedation. I clearly put on the paperwork that she could be aggressive in a veterinarian situation and would definitely need sedation but also, when I called to make the appointment, I discussed this with them at that time b\/c I do worry with her age about her reaction to sedation and they stated it would not be an issue.\nWe dropped her off and they called later to state she was done and the earliest she could be picked up was 2:30. At 2:30, we went to get her and were ushered into an exam room where a rude vet tech snapped at us that she had bitten another tech, it broke the skin and, therefore, animal control would have to be called and it would have to be reported. Not a problem since she is up to date on her rabies vaccination.  She didn't let us speak much and carried on and on about the rabies vaccination and that's why it's so important b\/c it's as much protection for them as it is the pets, all pointless considering, again, she is up to date on her vaccines. We were treated as though it was our cats fault for the mishap and only after waiting for her to be done talking, and then our persistence of asking how it happened, did she disclose that it happened right when we came to pick her up, she was still considerably groggy and they did not put her back in her carrier while she was still under (where she would feel more comfortable when she woke up) and when the tech went to get her she tried to protect herself and bit him. Even though it was stated on her paperwork that she could be aggressive, and she had to be sedated to be groomed, the tech took no precautions on getting her but it was her fault he was bitten. They never seemed apologetic that the event happened; just angry with us somehow that she wasn't handled appropriately in their care, under the circumstances. \nIn the past, with her prior vet of 10 years, we dropped her off by 8 a.m. and picked her up at 11 a.m. They also had to sedate her but by the time we got home she was completely back to herself. After her visit at Arizona Avenue Animal Clinic, where she stayed all day, it was clear she was over drugged. When we got home she could barely stand up, when she walked she could only take a step or two before falling over and she stayed in this condition until the next morning. We were concerned with her and could not believe they would release her in such a condition. From our first impression to our last moments with them we were nothing but disappointed with the customer service we received. We question their care for animals and, based on the additional charges they tried to stack on our bill for unnecessary vaccines, we feel they are more out for money than truly caring for pets. Do yourself, and your pet, a favor and choose another veterinary practice.