If you're looking for a quiet peaceful yoga studio, this is not it. I think PYC is best for experienced yogis familiar at least with vinyasa flow classes. Cuz that's all it is. Picture bikram but with lots of flows in between. The instruction is not as strict but forceful. \n\nWhen came in for the evening class, it was noisy. There were 3 or 4 staffers chatting it up along with a bunch of people that were leaving. I felt like I was in a room with a bunch of Woo! Girls. \n\nAs one of them signed me in, I had no idea why after I signed the waiver I stood there for ten minutes as she checked in others and entered my info into the database. I could have been changing getting ready. \n\nThe change rooms are curtained closets (like a retail store) with a common shower and bathroom and a small sink. All your stuff goes in the cubby holes in the lobby area. You can bring your stuff inside too. \n\nIt was crowded in here. I'm shocks that some folks cannot move their mats at least one mat width away so that others can fit in if needed. There were 3 people standing at the back while others sprawled on the floor taking up 3 mat spaces. \n\nClass was vigorous. Lots of flows and movement. Upper body strength and core is needed. I agree with Roma that one should slow down if they need too. \n\nInstruction goes through the movements and enhanced your posture if needed. Rarely was mentioned how the alignment should be etc. or variations on a pose. \n\nWhat I hated the most (but some people might love) was at the end (savsana) played music but it was WAY too loud. It was on like 12 when it should be on 3. I was told to go back and sink into my normal breathe and suddenly Michael Jackson you are not alone fills the air so loud my eyes snap open and it was almost torture. At least it was MJ. Coming out to the lobby after class they decided to play also quite loudly some other tunes. I couldn't get out of there fast enough. \n\nGranted , some people like this workout. My impression of yoga is both a workout and somewhat of a sanctuary for me to relax and de-stess. It's just not for me, but must be for some other people.