This was indeed a fabulous hotel to stay at. I booked it being my birthday bc last year I woke up sick with a slight hangover. Now you know why I don't like to drink bc I'm a frickin' lightweight!\n\nIt was our first time and I read from other people's reviews that they have a complimentary limo ride to and from the airport which really isn't that far away from the Strip. It's not highly advertised so I strongly recommend you ask about it. If you don't rent a car and expect a limo ride everywhere you go it's an additional hundred bucks. We used Lyft instead! Yay!\n\nWe got here too early as checkin is at three in the afternoon. They were kind enough to check our luggages in so we could venture out! In their lobby area they served continental breakfast with coffee, hot water, bottled water, mineral water plus bottles of orange juice & grape juice and soda also provided. I think they served this between six and ten in the morning.\n\nWe did stay in the one bedroom penthouse suite! It was breathtakingly beautiful! Reminded me of the Haven on NCL! YAY!!! So much is provided that all you need is your makeup, hairbrush and clothing. There was a separate refrigerator plus the refrigerator stocked full of many items. At the end we checked with our charges bc they kept saying we purchased chocolate. Like what? Even two different hotel receptionists said that!\nI checked my credit card and there were four different pending charges. OMGOSH 100 bucks for chocolate?\nPlus double check that they have you scheduled for the limo ride back to the airport bc it can be lost in a moment's notice. Like a sieve! WTH???\n\nThey do serve complimentary wine and cheese from four to nine in the evening. It came in handy bc basically hubby and I don't eat a lot normally. We did eat at Aria Cafe which opens 24\/7 plus it was Restaurant week too!\n\nThe room had spectacular views with windows that were floor to ceiling even in the humongous bathroom! When the butler dropped off our luggages he showed me the iPads in both the living room & a second one in the bedroom. They have information to help you with your stay there. Everything is controlled with separate switches. It took a little while for us to figure it out things though we are technologically challenged we did manage!\n\nOverall a gorgeous, modern and classy hotel. This is a private area of Aria that you need a key to show security to get through it. It basically is connected to the Aria hotel and casino. You know what we will definitely be back but not during the summer. It was almost 110 each day!!! That's cray cray!!!