Bailiwick promotes itself as the Orleans hub of bites, sips, and sounds. Located by the Orleans west Tropicana Avenue-facing entrance in the former Brandon's and Asian restaurant, Bailiwick is a 9,700 square foot gastropub and entertainment venue. This past week when we spent a week in the New Orleans west of the Strip, we'd visit Bailiwick for bites, sips, and sound.\n\nTaking into account that this is a review based on my experience, I would to give my three cents in on a trend that I don't particularly care for. That trend is detheming unique and entertaining places such as parts of the Orleans. It has been brought to my understanding that the restaurants that the Orleans have been replacing are (supposedly) out of date. I beg to defer. The (supposedly) out of date restaurants that included Brandon's were upbeat places that tied in with the New Orleans theme. Now I will throw my ten cents in. I feel that Bailiwick would be a better gastropub if it had incorporated its industrial, gritty, and millennial environment into an updated New Orleans theme. Now I will give my $25 worth, which was around the price of the dinner writing on my experience at Bailawick.\n\nThe first time I set eyes on Bailiwick was when we waited for the Orleans shuttle. The Orleans is promoting this newly opened gastropub to the degree of placing a large Bailiwick sign at the west Tropicana Avenue facing entrance. This caught our attention. \n\n  Inside the faux city of New Orleans the hub of bites, sips, and sounds is right up the carpeted walkway from the jazzy amorphous alligator statues. The first thing that caught my eyes is the perimeter industrial sash windows fronting an industrial interior. When I left New Orleans and walked inside the gastropub, I felt that I was entering a nightclub more than a gastropub. Maybe it was the leather couches, stage, pool tables, shuffleboard table, black warehouse ceiling, and creme colored floor tiles. Being in the moment, I took in the attention to detail. Right after I stepped inside I noticed the way the center square shaped bar creates a focal point for the far end stage. I likewise felt the positive energy of the New Orleans themed casino permeating the room.\n\nBailiwick prides itself on being a hub of sips. It is my understanding that their beer selection serves approximately forty different draft beers. In addition to beer, the bar serves cocktails, spirits, and all sorts of booze. However, I teetotaled on this visit opting for a soda.\n\nBailiwick also prides itself as a hub of bites. By definition a gastropub is a pub that also specializes in good food. Their menu features seven categories of food including sandwiches & sliders, flatbreads, craft burgers and dogs, large plates, and masterful bar and table snacks. From the large plates section I ordered a fish and chips. Speaking of large, in only a couple of months it had a large price increase from $16 to $18. To be honest, $18 is on the pricey side for gastropub fish & chips. Then again you live once. I enjoyed the Alaskan halibut fish and chips. There were three patties on the plate that shared space with fries, malt vinegar, tarter sauce, and pea salad. The pea salad tasted similar to cole slaw. Throughout the meal, the waitress was on the ball with topping off the soda.\n\nBailiwick finally prides itself as a hub of sounds. Under the dimness of the artisan glass pendant lights, at the beginning of dinner we heard a duo on stage performing soft rock songs. They are one of a few performers that take to the stage every night. It is a stage that is contiguous to the room of hickory table tops and near the hickory wood central rectangular bar.\n\nWhen I left the gastropub then made my way back into New Orleans, I had a few post dinner thoughts regarding Bailiwick. In my opinion based on first hand experience dining in the new Copper Whisk Cafe, I prefer that Orleans dining option as a hub of bites and sips. However, I say this with a capital \"H,\" if I am in the mood for an alcohol drink or in a socializing situation such as a Yelp UYE, I prefer Bailiwick as my Orleans hub of bites, sips, and sound. My ultimate thought was that the Orleans needs to stop their gradual destruction of a unique and entertaining New Orleans meets Vegas theme by detheming areas of the hotel in the so-called name of progress. Instead the Orleans ought to replace the older restaurants with more improved and contemporary restaurants that complement the New Orleans meets Vegas theme. If that was the case with Bailiwick, I might of given an extra star for creating a unique and charming experience.