Once upon a time, Zada Jane's was a highly sought after brunch spot with long waits and iconic breakfast plates. Unfortunately, Zada Jane's is now nothing more than a has-been diner with exceptionally poor customer service and a kitchen staff that must be deaf, blind and dumb. \n\nAfter a handful disappointing visits, I figured I'd give Zada Jane's a final chance and called in an order on Memorial Day weekend- I mean, how badly could you mess up a takeout order? \n\nWhen I arrived at the restaurant, I could see my take out boxes sitting on the bar counter with a bill that matched my estimated total all ready to go. After standing by the unattended bar awkwardly for close to ten minutes, I flagged down a waitress that happened to look up from a personal conversation in which she and several other employee's attention seemed to be totally consumed. I let her know that I was here to pick up the order that was sitting in front of me at the bar. She very rudely challenged my assumption that the boxes that matched my order and cost were, in fact, for me, and told me to wait while she grabbed someone that could help me. Perhaps I'm in the wrong here, but I don't find it normal or appropriate to be the subject of such hostility when I was certainly not the one that left my manners at home.\n\nSo, I waited. And waited.\n\nFollowed by more waiting.\n\nFinally, someone competent appeared and completed this drawn out transaction. Finally, I did not have to beg the staff to acknowledge my presence. Finally, I did not have to argue with the staff to allow me to pay for my food. Finally, I could leave and be on my way. \n\nWhen I arrived home, I opened the boxes to find that my order was wrong. I paid an extra $2.00 to include an additional meat option in my Booker T. Only one type of meat was to be found. In the other Booker T, the dish was made with an entirely different meat than I had requested. Breakfast cuisine isn't hard. In fact, I'm not so sure as to why I opted to pay $20.00 for something that would cost $7.00 to make at home. \n\nIn all, if the next time I find myself craving an unhealthy egg dish served by a grumpy woman with messy hair and no bra, I will stay at home and ask my girlfriend to cook. At least the food will taste better.