A new restaurant in the valley named Protein House.  With a name like that, of course I need to see what's really going on.  Located off Eastern Avenue near LVAC and Gold's Gym, Protein House is another restaurant that offers healthy eats with a ton of protein. But to me, PH is not just another healthy meal stop. PH offers smoothies, breakfast, burgers, bowls, and salads. To order, you can either go straight to the counter and place your order off their menu. Or, you can take their order checklist, select your meal, and then hand it to the counter.  You also have the option to build your own burger, salad, and bowl.  Because this was my first visit, I decided on their biggest and baddest burger, their Muscle Builder Burger. This burger is 12 oz of ground Bison, onions, cheese, and Canadian bacon all served in a whole wheat bun. I had this medium well and swear that this is one of the best bison burgers I have ever had.  Most exotic meats like bison come gamey and with no taste. Here at PH, they found a way to create this burger with flavor.  By the way, trying to up your protein for the day? This burger has to be close to 70 grams of protein.  Yeah buddy!\n\nAs for the restaurant itself, I felt that it is a little small. But I love the ambiance, decor, and service. One things for sure, there's a ton of fit peeps eating here. I also got the opportunity to meet one of the owners, Andrew Bic. To be successful in any venture, it comes down to how you treat people. Andrew got this right. He took the time to chat it up, ask for suggestions, and gave a little insight of what PH is all about.  I didn't get the chance to meet the other owner, Larissa  Reis, but look forward to it on future visits.  If you're use to the taste that a 1000 calorie burger joint has to offer, then maybe Protein House is not for you.  If you're looking for some quality macros with high amounts of protein in a burger, then give Protein House a shot.  \n\nWish List:\n-Ostrich:  With about the same amount of protein as steak and with calories\/fat that rival chicken, I think ostrich should be on their menu.\n-Nutritional Information:  For a place that specializes in selling healthy meals, I think this information is necessary.  Per the owner, this is in the works with a dietitian.\n\nPS: Like all other healthy eating locations (i.e Whole Foods, Greens & Protein, etc), expect a higher price tag here.  But through their build-your-own, you can actually get a meal fairly cheap.