So, I decided to put my feminism on hold for a couple of hours, as per my friend's request to have AYCE wings. Upon walking in, it was exactly what I expected it to be: scantily clad women wearing push-up bras, orange booty-shorts, and tan stockings to hide any 'imperfections'; kitschy 90's style signage; dude-bros with lust in their eyes, etc.\n\nWe decided to proceed to the roof-top patio, which was quite nice--probably this establishment's only redeeming quality.\n\nThe wings were bland. I've had many-a-wing in my day and these were the worst. Perhaps they serve the bad wings on AYCE day and the good ones on regular days? I'll never know, as I will never be back. To expand, they were tiny, with very little meat (I couldn't help but wonder if the chickens that the wings were sourced from were malnourished). They were haphazardly sauced, rather than tossed. The flavours that I tried were truly uninspiring (Habenero Bbq, Daytona Beach and Chipotle Honey); meh on all counts.\n\nNow, onto the brews. As a recovering Beer Snob, I try to keep an open mind at these types of establishments. However, I cannot stand for dirty taps. We had Rolling Rock and Shocktop. RR should be crisp, light, highly carbonated; it was murky and pretty flat. Shocktop tasted like orange Kool Aid (Oh yeeAAA)  #gross. Now, the fact that both pitchers were nearly $25.00 each was shocking and frankly I should have said something when the Rolling Rock came over looking like a wheat beer. I was trying not to be a snob and my compatriots were okay with it, so I drank it like medicine and enjoyed the ride.\n\nOverall, it was a piss poor experience. I'm just glad I spent it with good company, also they happened to showing Play Fair on their many t.v.s (that's what was on TSN at the time) so rather than one star, I will bestow 2 for irony.\n\nI would recommend this place to individuals who have low standards in regards to food & drink. This is also an excellent place for people who would like to go to a strip club, but are too shy to deal with the impropriety that comes with it.