I'm going to have a hard time finding words to describe this place..... \n\nMy husband and I have been to Auberge Du Dragon Rouge twice while visiting friends in Montreal. The first time was a wild enough experience that I HAD to go back. Our first time visiting we arrived to find about a 2 hour wait to get a table for our party of 5. Eh.... wasn't crazy about that but our friend\/tour guide insisted that it was worth the wait. Finally when we got in, we entered a small restaurant whose dining area was maybe the size of my LR\/DR, yet seated DOZENS of people, jam packed in. If we were in the US, this place would certainly not meet fire code! Once we sat down, luckily, we felt right at home. \n\nDuring the entire meal, the wait staff walked... that is... SQUEEZED, in between our tables singing and playing on their banjos. Being as everyone speaks\/sings French, I could not understand a word, but it was still fun. As soon as our waiter found out that my husband and I only spoke English, the (friendly) harassment began! The harassment only got worse when I ordered the one (and only) vegetarian meal on the menu - veggie burger. \n\nThe most interesting part of the meal comes AFTER you eat, when the wait staff asks who would like to prove their allegiance toward slaying dragons (or something of the sort) by drinking the blood of a recently slayed dragon. The \"blood\" is a warm drink consisting of Tabasco sauce and I think whiskey, and before you drink it, you have to stand on your chair and take an oath of allegiance! Crazy enough that I regretted not doing it the first time, and was the sole reason I made a point of going back this past year. Needless to say, the blood does not taste good, but it was fun enough that I'd do it again! \n\nThe lack of vegetarian options would probably normally cause me to take off a star, but the fun and unique atmosphere made up for it. Definitely a place to go with a group of friends, some of which hopefully speak French, as the menu is in French.