I'm afraid I have to agree with the other reviewers who cited the employees being rude.  The kids had a blast and the two adults enjoyed watching the kids, ages 2 and 4, have fun. But we were snapped at for not getting on the last ride fast enough, in fact I was barely seated when he practically peeled away with the train hauling about ten cars full of adults and kids and where the other rides had been leisurely and enjoyable, he zoomed us through the route so fast our hair was blowing back and we were back at the starting point about 2 minutes after we left even though we went around the whole park.\n\nThe worst part was when we left at six we went out to our car, which was one of only two in that section of the parking lot.  We got the kids strapped in, which was no easy task because the two year old was screaming and crying because she knew getting in the carseat meant we were leaving and she didn't want to leave. My daughter gave them a bottle of water which they then started fighting over. Amidst all the screaming I was on my phone Yelping a close kid-friendly restaurant or fast food place to take them to eat because we didn't have time to eat at the park without it cutting into our riding and playing time. \n\nSuddenly I heard a knock on the window and an older man asked if everything was okay and let us know they could hear the screaming all the way over to the exit area, which wasn't that far away. In a friendly way I assured him everything was fine but they were just crying because they were tired from the long and enjoyable afternoon. He looked at us like he didn't believe us and he kept looking in the back seat at the children, who had stopped crying at this point because they were interested in who was talking to us. He asked if they needed water and we told him we had just given them some . He asked again so I thanked him and said that would be fine and that we appreciated it (even though we didn't really need it, just to make him happy). \n\nHe then told me that he had written down the license plate on the car and not to leave, implying that he was going to call the police and report us if we left, just because we had a crying 2 year old throwing a tantrum because she didn't want to leave the park! I tried to keep things friendly and we sat there waiting for him to come back and he again kept asking us if everything was okay. Both children were in the backseat strapped into legal carseats, no one was reaching back and beating them or torturing them, the AC was on. I can't believe in a park that caters to children that they have never seen a meltdown before. I don't particularly think it was very good PR for them to threaten to report a customer just because they had a crying toddler. That turned an otherwise enjoyable afternoon into a rather nasty aftertaste. At best he could have handled it more tactfully.  \n\nDo I recommend this place to others?  Only if you have children that don't cry I guess.