Ok, no seriously, this isn't hype, it's love.\n\nFor months I have heard about Winghart's and their burgers.  So finally I have a chance at checking it out myself and it was pretty flipping sweet.  We walked in and were immediately greeted by the SUPER friendly wait staff.  I didn't even need a menu since I had checked them out, I wanted the Shipwreck burger.\n\nShipwreck was there and he came over and talked to us while our burgers cooked.  Now here's how I knew I was blown right out of my body.  Mid-conversation the cook placed the burger basket in front of me and I went for my first bite.  All I remember is Linda W. and Shipwreck continuing the conversation while my entire world came to a screeching halt.  Out of nowhere all of my senses converged around an explosion of flavors and textures that only happen once in a blue moon.  Yes folks.  It was that good.  I mean, in hindsight I probably looked funny.  There I was mid conversation all lively and attentive and then the next thing you know it is taking every ounce of self control from taking more bites before properly chewing and eating the bite I had already taken.  Like seriously in my head ... I could have jumped into a pool filled with Shipwreck burgers and wrestled for a world title. (Yes the visuals are ridiculously disturbing...but it was that much of a positive assault on my synapses).\n\nOk.  So onto the objective portion of the review:  the burger was excellent quality.  The cheese (brie) was properly melted and tasted like a high quality brie should.  The caramelized onions were sublime, perfectly browned and sweet.  The bun was warmed and soft.  The bacon was savory and chewy (not a fan of burnt bacon) and the hamburger itself ... that's darn good meat.  Overall each of the flavors played with each other and took their turns playing with the palate.  The burger cooked medium well was closer to medium than well done (kudos to the cook!) so the juices were still flowing which added to the desire of eating faster since the messiness was OH SO GOOD.\n\nIn addition to the burger I got to try their fries which were also yummy good.  Peanut Oil made for awesome fried texture and the sugar(at some point in the preparation) gave the sweet salty combo that made this fries (still tasking like fries should) have a unique taste.  Almost like a distant cousin of sweet potato fries ... just still clearly potatoes.\n\nI can't wait to go back and try a different burger.  I'll have to force myself to do so and also try their pizzas.  This is easily one of those situations where the tempting to sticking to the same rapturous meal might be too strong, haha.