TL;DR Beautiful room, friendly service, no vegetarian options in the Bar Bites.\n\nI was responsible for picking a spot for a 4pm bite before an event for a few members of a panel I had put together at McGill University on Ending Poverty in Canada. I picked Bar George based on the reviews, location, and the fact we were able to make a reservation at such a weird hour - I know a reservation isn't necessary at 4pm on a Tuesday, but we had a Canadian Senator coming and wanted everything locked down, if only for our own anxiety. \n\nI got there a bit before my guests and was delighted by the spectacularly beautiful room and the perfect, warm service. And then I found out that, very reasonably, we were between the lunch and dinner menus and would only be able to order from the Bar Bites. There were lots of delicious sounding options, but nothing vegetarian at all - everything had fish or meat - except for the French fries, but we needed something substantial before our event! Yikes! I asked about vegetarian options, and told the waitress my concern. She said, I think I saw on your reservation you are coming with a Senator? In that case, if she needs something that's not on the menu, we'll hook her up. \n\nWhich was super nice. And I'm glad to know they can accommodate powerful people.... But but but. True class and high level hospitality is treating everyone at that high level. \n\nAnyway. \n\nI ate the curried fish on crumpets, and the cheese on the Ploughman Platter and they were totally freaking delicious. I loved the service from every single person I interacted with, and as the bar started to fill up with 5a7 crowd I got the impression this could be a really fun, classy place to come for drinks if you want to feel fabulous. \n\nAnd the lunch and dinner menus have salads and other vegetarian options I think, so no stress. Just a moment that left me thinking about how class can determine access to healthy, sustainable options... and a Yelp review seemed an appropriate place to share. ;)