Red has some how managed to make every hookah mistake in the book and added a few of their own as well. \n\nIf I could give this place negative stars I woud not hesitate. I am astounded at how this place stays in business. \n\nRed can be found in a decrepit strip mall behind a dunkin donuts next a equally miserable discount movie theater on Tropicana and Pecos. They used have a location up in summerlin but moved down there when they couldn't pay the bills.\n\nTo begin, the prices and policies are outrageous. Each hookah will average anywhere from $20-30 maybe more. This is pretty much double the price of most other lounges in town. For some reason, Red charges additional fees to mix flavors and its not cheap. Every additional flavor can tack another 2 bucks to each hookah. To accompany this overpriced hookah is of course overpriced drinks. And what weird drinks they have. Lounges like this that do no aspire to obtain a beer and wine license usually sell an assorments of drinks, teas, smoothies and the like. Red, however, feels compelled to offer non-alcoholic beers and non-alcoholic wines (yes they exisit). After seeing their drink selection, I wasn't sure if I should laugh or cry.\n\nNow keep in mind, I don't always mind paying more if its worth it, but this is definitely not the case at red. The hookah is absolutely dreadful. I don't think my words could describe the disaster that they bring to your table. The hookahs take forever to start and when they do get going, they taste like burnt tobacco. If your favorite flavors are charcoal and ash this definitely the place for you. The biggest culprit behind this atrocious mess is the lounge's insistence on using insta-light coals. They toss these coals on to the bowl and lock it under a metal funnel designed to contain the coal if the hookah falls over. On top that they actually demand an extra 5 bucks or so for a \"re-light.\" I was left speechless when I was actually asked to pay another 5 bucks for another coal.\n\nThe atmosphere and lounge itself does nothing to redeem the hookahs here either. You will find CRT television sets displayed proudly around the lounge. I don't know why they keep the relics around. The place would be actually somewhat attractive if they got rid of them and opened the place up a bit. I have never seen it busy or even half-packed.\n\nThere are plenty of great lounges in vegas, do yourself a favor and stay far far away from this place.