I'm writing this review today without having read any previous reviews of this place. I did not seek it out, rather stopped in for lunch today because my girlfriend had been here many times and suggested it.\n\nTo start with, I don't throw 5 stars out there very often. Actually, I don't think anyone does. However, this place is such a little gem I believe that it deserves high marks for the service they offer.\n\nMy girlfriend and I each got a chicken taco and a carne asada taco. Let me just say that the portions alone, for 2 bucks a pop, are more than average. Add on top of that, the fact that they come stacked with rice and beans and loads of cheese and you've got a great bargain. I will say that I did not enjoy the chicken taco quite as much as I did the carne asada, which means I will probably just stick with the latter in the future. \n\nI had the privilege of meeting the owner as he stopped by our table to talk with us a bit about some of the changes he's made (more shade on the patio, misting system, etc.) and the newest addition to his restaurants, a breakfast joint, which he says will open sometime in mid July 09 and seat around 100. This is good news, I think, because there is not much seating here or at his burger joint. And although, they have no problem packing them in, even during these hard times, he was very grateful to be doing so well and hoped to see us again. He was very pleasant to talk to and also very accessible.\n\nSo let's talk about the service itself. You might think that a little dive place like this, selling $2 tacos (or 3 for $5) might just want to take your order and push you on through like cattle, trying to serve as many people as possible with very little personality or courtesy. That could not be further from reality here. The kid taking our order at the register apologized for blinking too much, saying that the grill was kicking out a little more smoke than usual. Another kid who brought our tacos outside to us was very polite, to the extent of saying thank you for coming and how they appreciate our business. Now c'mon, these are just kids. Usually you would expect quite the opposite but we felt very welcome.\n\nThe menu consisted of all sorts of tacos, burritos and even hot dogs. It seems they had an extensive assortment of lemonades, as well but we chose sodas. Parking is limited. The order comes out very quickly and for all of this, I love this place and will be returning.\n\nIt's great to have a restaurant like this that is locally owned, very easy on the wallet AND the food is delicious! I would encourage anyone to stop in and see for themselves. Maybe we'll see ya there!