I received a gift card for a Darden Restaurant for Christmas.  Choice of dining at Red Lobster, Olive Garden, Longhorn Steakhouse, Seasons 52, or Bahama Breeze.  I was recommended by some Las Vegas residents to try Bahama Breeze. \n\nWednesday night on January 14, 2015 was the first time I visited Bahama Breeze to have a meal.  This night I had my cousin and her family from Henderson join me for the dinner.  I found out that they have not eaten at Bahama Breeze as well.  A first time dining experience for the entire family to enjoy.\n\nA total of six individuals in our group (M1, M2, and M3 are the men.  F1, F2, and F3 are the females).  F1 (my cousin) ordered the garden salad and the ribs with fries.  F2 (me) ordered the Bahamian Seafood Chowder and Buttermilk Chicken Piccata with mashed potatoes.  M1 (cousin's companion) ordered the coconut shrimp appetizer as well as the coconut shrimp meal with broccoli.  M2 (companion's son) ordered a Portabello Burger with fries.  M3 (cousin's son) and F3 (companion's daughter) both ordered pasta.  One had asparagus and mushroom in the pasta while the other eliminated the asparagus.  Everyone finished their meal.  They all agreed that what they ordered for dinner was delicious.  Each dish was served with the right portion...just enough to make a person stuffed to the max. \n\nThe restaurant itself is pretty big.  There's one section of the restaurant that can be used for reserved parties and it had a television for the customers to watch.  There was dinner music provided by a man playing the guitar and he sang a lot of cover songs.  He was located near the bar area and right behind the wishing pond.  The ceiling fans are actually the propellers from the boats.  The restrooms were very clean and there was a mouthwash dispenser for customers to use before or after a meal....that's one thing you hardly see in restaurant restrooms.  \n\nOverall everyone enjoyed the first time dining experience here at Bahama Breeze.  Employees were friendly and the waiters made sure that the drinks were not empty. Facility was clean and very beautiful.  Another major plus about the restaurant is that Bahama Breeze passed the Nevada health inspection by receiving a grade A. For my cousin and her extended family it would be a once in every six months treat for date night or family outings since the entree items are pricey.