I am not a great poker player.  In fact, I'm not even a GOOD poker player.  I would love to engage in the illusion that I am a great poker player.  The reason the MGM Grand Poker Room gets many stars from me is because it creates a temporary reality where I actually get to feel like I'm a relatively GREAT poker player.  \n\nDon't get me wrong.  I got absolutely owned one night here to the tune of $240 on a single hand because I badly misread an opponent.  However, aside from that one rather unforgivable mistake, I was playing the lowest limit poker offered ($1\/$2) and pretty much was able to pay for everything but my room while I was in Vegas purely with my poker winnings.  And that was after sitting at their tables for no more than 10 hours TOTAL during a three day period.  \n\nIf you aren't any good (like me) but would still like to make a decent sum of money (apx $60-80\/hr), I would strongly suggest playing a relatively tight game early on and getting it all in when you know you have the goods.  Some people here will call you just to see what you have even if they have essentially nothing.  Seriously.  But aside from the rare miracles, a relatively basic understanding of pot odds and statistics should earn you a relatively healthy sum of money.  \n\nHow is the actual poker room?  The dealers are friendly, the cocktail waitresses bring your (non) alcoholic drinks of choice at a relatively quick rate, and there was quite a bit of non-asinine table talk.  Because the MGM Poker Room is in a temporary location right now, I didn't notice the loud blaring music that others have noted.  Then again, I played exclusively morning\/afternoon sessions here.  So there might be your answer.  This definitely is not the sexiest poker room.  If you are looking for that type of experience, you should go to Aria.  If you aren't at least a semi-decent player, however, prepare to lose hundreds if not thousands of dollars.  \n\nOverall, I think this is a fine poker room for people who just want to play low-limit tables against people of modest poker ability.  If you are looking for a more challenging game or if you just want to play somewhere that looks gorgeous, go elsewhere.