PLEASE EAT HERE! 美味しかった、ちょ大好き\nOk so I rarely give 5 stars and especially rarely give it for a Japanese restaurant in the US.... That's mainly because my wife is Japanese (from japan) and I of course lived there for 7 yrs... We've actually only been back in the US for about 2 weeks ... So Japanese food (real) is still fresh on our pallets. \nSo those of you that know me, know that CoCoIchibanya is my absolute #1-2-3-4-5 favorite restaurant of allllllll time. 鳥かつカレー、チーズ、二からお願いします。。。\nSo when we found this spot on Yelp, Sakino recommend we try it as she knows I'm missing curry, specifically CoCos.. When in Hawaii, I drag her there. When in LA, I drag her there. When at our home in Okinawa... Well that's home so I can't drag her anywhere lol, but she lets me go like once a week! \nSo of course I'm feeling a little standoffish about this place... Most of our American Japanese dining experiences thus far have been ehhhh.... So in we go.\nRight off the bat, they have that CoCoIchi yellowish colored menu...  Ok. Then I notice something, everyone in this place (staff) is actually Japanese, and speaking Japanese! This please my wife and I a lot... Sounds silly I know but it's kinda rare to have actual Japanese people that speak Japanese in a Japanese restaurant in America. And they were legit, when my wife conversed with them they didn't skip a beat or look lost. Plus 1 pt for these guys! 日本語すごい！so then I order.. Old faithful. Chicken katsu curry with cheese level 2. Exactly as I would a CoCos... Sakino ordered the same only level 3. \nSo, what I will tell you is this: if you know and love CoCos, this place WILL DO JUST FINE! Is it better? No. Is it pretty much equal? Ehhhh yea sure. Point is for Vegas, this place is basically CoCos, which earns it a 5 star for me... The food is great, the service is great and authentic... Point in case, we come in and Sakino (my wife) sees a young Japanese waitress... She keeps staring and telling me hey hey doesn't she look so familiar? I'm like yea I guess. Sakino was like you know when I was an exchange student at University of Hawaii, I swear that waitress was also a student there on exchange from mainland Japan! I'm like sure I guess but I don't remember babe... So my wife is like ok, after we eat I'll ask her... Well before that even happens, the young girl walks over and is like omg hey remember me from Hawaii etc etc... Turns out it IS Misakichan and she is HERE going to school now... And not only that, today was her first day at this job! What a crazy coincidence that a girl from Okinawa, a girl from mainland Japan, both exchange student to Hawaii, 2yrs later bump into each other at a curry house in Las Vegas? Wtf?! Point is, the people here are great. They are authentic as it gets, and the food is ON POINT! Large for me small for her, 2 drinks, plus tip.. $25 total... Which by the way, is exactly what I'd pay at CoCoIchi.... These guys here at Zen Curry in Vegas are onto something... If the local Air Force guys here that have been stationed at Kadena AFB ever find out.. This place will be packed! \nPlease please please ... Check this place out! So worth it \nいただきます