Hello and welcome to Andiron Steak & Sea. This review is long over due. I have made a resolution that I will post my reviews in an appropriate time so I will not forget too much of the experience. We made reservations for what has become a monthly spend more than normal dinner adventure. I have seen so many good stories and reviews that we had to go here. Plus it was my turn  to choose. I like the vibe you get as you enter, greeted and promptly sat when full party arrived. I had got a drink at bar  before our party arrived and I liked the friendliness of the bartender and how quickly I was greeted with how busy the bar was. \nI dob't usually mention the decor(I am more about food and service). I enjoyed the soft white linens and green accents made it really feel like I was being taken on a food experience. We as a group tend to sample each others meal so as to get a full example of the menu. I had The Branzino, I have always wanted to try one and this was my very first experience (nothing to compare it to...yet). This was very good. Had a chmichuri sauce and was stuffed with meat from the fish. Pretty amazing fish dish. I like to try new things and was not disappointed. Others in our group had Mac-n-cheese, mac-n-cheese waffle, polenta (really flavorful) the Strip, Rib Eye Cap. Desert was pumpkin cheesecake and vanilla and salted caramel ice cream. Price was reasonable for 7 of us. \nSince I like service, I need to get better at writing down names when my servers are above excellent. I wish I remembered her name. She was a little older lady with a small accent. She was very entertaining and was great at recommending food and rink. We brought our own wine and paid a small corkage fee. We really had a dining experience and it was in thanks to the great service provided. We had a view of the kitchen and it is fun to see how things get expedited in a well run galley. \nThere were some off notes with some of the food but overall it was a great night(experience). We never felt rushed and were allowed to enjoy our meal. This is a little out of my way so I can see going there if I was in area and wanted a strong steak meal while in downtown summerlin. \nIf you want a good steak meal at a good price with excellent service you need to try Andiron. You will not be disappointed.