I'm usually not so wordy, but this place gave me a lot to say.\n\nHaving been to the Sahara location for sushi on several occasions, I saw a Groupon for the Summerlin location and figured \"why not?\" Definitely one of the lower end hibachi experiences I've had, and trust me that I've had my share. I can say that I have no complaints about the service and that was the only saving grace from this being a 1 star review.\n\nBut the rest of the experience...meh. Walking into the restaurant, we were welcomed by Pandora ads playing throughout the restaurant speakers. I love Pandora, but they couldn't spare $5 a month for an ad-free subscription? Although we came for the food and not the music, this is tacky.\n\nWe were seated fairly promptly at our own grill and couldn't help but notice food and used chop sticks on the floor at the adjacent tables. At this point, I'm willing to forgive the appearance of the floor hoping the food makes up for it so I brush it off. At our waitresses suggestion, we both ordered martinis that disappointed. For $11 a drink, I expect to be able to taste vodka in a martini.\n\nSoup and salad come out shortly after the drinks. The miso soup was fine. The salad was just lettuce with watery dressing and super thin carrot slices on it. No tomatoes or cucumbers like you might find elsewhere. Although maybe a minor thing to complain about, the lettuce seemed a little warm like it was just sitting out. All I know is it definitely didn't come out of a working refrigerator any time recently.\n\nOk, so our chef comes out. Personable guy, does all the usual tricks, nothing out of the ordinary. I had chicken and shrimp, and she ordered scallops. The fried rice  and veggies were average, no complaints. The meat portions were small. You know the portions were small because both of us finished our meals and that's not usually the case at places like this. I got a tiny chicken breast and 7 shrimp. Her scallops were small for sea scallops and probably closer to bay scallops in size...for comparison's sake, they were maybe half the size of what you'd expect from Benihana and I'm being generous. The worst part? They tasted way fishy, so they were obviously not fresh. I considered drafting this review and waiting to see how we felt in the morning, but thought I'd post it now hoping that just in case we die that someone sees this Yelp review so they know who to sue for our wrongful deaths.\n\nWhen the check came, I was blown away that this was a $98 dinner. Maybe they need to look out the window and realize this restaurant is not on the strip. At my regular hibachi place in LA, I'd get filet mignon and lobster for the same price as chicken and shrimp here. No thanks Osaka Summerlin, I'll stick to your sushi on Sahara.