Last weekend, a co-worker of Kay's, knowing that she's been wanting to adopt a dog badly, told her of a family who was staying with her temporarily that had two dogs they needed to give away due to having to move into an apartment.\n\nNo one told us that they were year-old, unspayed, female pit bulls...in heat. \n\nFeeling guilty since the dogs were about to go to a pound, seeing how they interacted with children (the couple's young daughter was distraught over having to give them up), and being reassured by the husband that the dogs were very tame and lovable caused me to cave despite my unease around the breed. \n\nWell, Koko, and Chloe, while never harming us in the week we had them, escaped several times, chased a cat, and before I came home from work on Wednesday, broke loose from Kay only to attack her beloved Arctic rabbit Wintersweet. The bunny, whom Kay had for four years, died almost instantly of a broken neck.\n\nAfter days of handwringing and getting advice both pro and con from friends, family, and acquaintances, we decided to surrender the canine sisters to the Animal Rescue League yesterday. \n\nWe were never judged for our decision, were assured that the dogs would be taken care of, and that while placement was not guaranteed, a concerted effort would be made to find homes for Koko and Chloe. \n\nWe're still struggling with our choice and may adopt another dog in the future. Two pit bulls were too much for me, especially considering that (a) many cats roam our neighborhood. (b) Kay's other pet (a bird) was in danger. (c) I had never owned one pit bull before, let alone two. \n\nRegardless, ARL made a rough time a little easier to handle. I made a donation to the organization right after we dropped the dogs off, and even if you never want to adopt a pet, I urge you to do the same so that no pet is turned away. Groups like ARL reduce the prevalence of stray animals, and that alone is enough reason to give to them. \n\nAnd yes, I still hear the dogs, still smell them, still wonder if I should have given them a second chance. I still see their sad faces. They did take a liking to us after all. \n\nI hope the right person give you girls a home.