A couple of nights ago, another Yelp Elite friend and I decided to eat real food after gorging on dessert type yummies of cookies and ice cream from another Vegas location. Yeah, I know we do things in reverse so my friend said we should try Los Lupes because he had heard great things about the place from the Yelp Community. So we entered the address on our phones and took our separate cars from the cookies and ice cream location.\n\nFor those who are looking to eat here, throw your phones on the seat next to you and just head to Decatur and Hacienda. Both my friend's and my phone navigation were trying to make us drive through a gated apartment complex and bring us back to the strip mall. We kept going in circles, so please put down your phones if coming from the West side.\n\nEverything on the menu looked good but sometimes when you go to a restaurant, it ends right there... The Menu. I am a BAR (Born and Raised) Angeleno, so having ligit or great Mexican food is part of the formula. I also don't like posers so don't try to be something you are not (a person or a menu item) and try to fake me out. Posers... Gah! I ordered the Carnitas plate and a side of grilled jalapeños, just to take it up a notch. My friend ordered the Chile Verde, which my phone face planted in while I was trying to shed light on his food while taking a photo. True story. I would have taken a picture of it but my phone was taking a swim in Chile Verde. I ordered a Chardonnay but they were out, so I settled on the White Zinfandel as I just didn't feel 'red' that night. My friend ordered a Mexican Coke from the bottle and I said how great that was because Mexican Coke with real sugar was better than our HFC Coke. I really just said that because I have not had soda for 25 years and I don't think I would be able to taste the difference. No, I am not a Soda Poser.\n\nOur food came out quickly and our server was very pleasant. We dug into our pork product dinners and ate and ate. My carnitas were tender and full of flavor. I did eat it with my jalapenos not because my meal was flavorless but because I like my meal like life, kicked up a notch and on fire. Chica en fuego!!  The rice and beans were very good and not dry, which is very important to me. I refuse to eat refried beans that are crusty and dry with rice that resembles those beans. Not here, very smooth and full of flavor- I don't know how else to describe non dry beans. \n\nAll in all everything was delicious, the service was great and I will be back again to try other items. I also won't shed my phone light over someone's Chile Verde ever again. EVER.