I set an appointment to bring my vehicle to Alexander's for a wheel alignment and battery change which seemed simple enough. \n\nUpon arrival I spoke with Alexander, he had no idea I had an appointment. I explained to him for the 2nd time that I needed a wheel alignment and a battery change. He broke down the cost, but never offered to check the battery to see if it just needed a charge.\n\nI walked him out to my car and explained in great detail how my vehicle had a anti-theft starter and physically showed Alexander how to start the vehicle. He verified he knew how to start the vehicle because he was \"a professional\". \n\nAn hour later I received a phone call from Alexander stating that he could not start my car after installing a new battery. I politely reminded Alexander about the anti-theft starter, but he said the starter was bad and that would cost only 399.99. I assured him that I didn't need a starter and I felt like I was being screwed. He got very defensive over the phone and finally told me to come pick up the car that he will not work on it. Alexander then hung up on me. I tried calling him back to ask what the issue was, but he yelled that he was putting my old battery back in the car and to come pick it up, again hung up on me. \n\nI took off work to go and pick up my car which had no work done. When I got to the shop, Alexander didn't even look or talk to me, threw my keys on the counter and walked away. I went to my car expecting the worst and my car started perfectly, just like it did when I dropped it off. I checked under the hood to see if anything was touched. Low and behold not a single thing had been touched. He didn't install a new anything. I could still see the grime and dirt on the nuts of the battery. \n\nI assume Alexander did not listen to a word I said about the anti-theft device and then tried to sell me parts that were not needed. I drove out of there and got the work done at Meineke, minus the battery because they were able to check it and determine it just needed charging. \n\nI will never return to Alexander's auto. I tried to register a complaint with the BBB but they are not a registered business. \n\nThe treatment I received at Alexander's was the worst service I have ever experienced from a business and very, very far from professional.