For our Sunday lunch we were in the mood for some truly authentic tacos and thought we'd give this place a try.\n\nLocation & Aesthetics - located on N 16th Street in Phoenix which I noticed can be a little busy with traffic even though it was Sunday.\nParking is a little poor (-1) with a few stalls located outside the restaurant, and some of these parking spots are shared with another business on the corner.  \nI did notice some other available parking in the vicinity but believed they were for other businesses.\nUnfortunately N 16th Street was busy, at the time of our visit, so you can't really stop alongside the parking spots to wait for someone to leave as that might cause some traffic on the busy street.  Thankfully there's a side street on the right that you can turn into to turn around.\nThe facade of the restaurant cannot be missed with its brightly green colored painting and large saint figure adorning the front of the restaurant.  \nAnother drawback the restaurant had going for it, in my opinion, is the small interior size (-1).  \nAs soon as you open the door, you will immediately notice how small it is as you will see diners siting at their tables right at the door as you enter.  I can see this could be a little bothersome if you've been seated close to the front door, and with it opening and closing, doesn't bode well for a nice dining experience for some.\nThere is a bench outside of the restaurant for you to wait for seating if the inside is full, and with no real shade and I didn't see any misters, that can be uncomfortable, I guess, during the summer months.\n\nMenus - provided to us as soon as we were shown where to sit and were pretty self-explanatory.   \n\nService - We were warmly greeted by staff upon entering.  It might've been nice if we were asked if we've been here before but no problem as any questions we had, was answered promptly.\n\nFood - Once seated, you are provided with a bowl of tortilla chips, and there's an available salsa bar with a large variety of salsa dips to choose from.  The dips all sit on ice being chilled and have varying degrees of hotness.  From the 5-6 dips that I chose from, they all tasted freshly made and was enough to open the appetite.\nPrior to ordering, I was in the mood for some libations and ordered myself a mojito which in my opinion was perfectly concocted as you could taste the lime juice (tasted fresh), rum, right amount of sugar, and contained enough leaves of mint.\nFor food, I ordered the -- Baja Sur Dogfish Shark Taco, Mayan Cochinita Pibil Taco, and the Oaxaca Black Mole Chicken Shark Taco with a side of rice and beans.  \nAll three tacos tasted absolutely great and delicious.  There were all flavorful, seasoned well, fresh, not too spicy, and cooked just right.\n\nDefinitely a place I wouldn't mind returning to.