ONE OF THE WORST EXPERIENCES I HAVE EVERRRR HAD. \n\nThe Good.... \nWhen I first arrived I fell in love with the place. The employees were super nice (AT FIRST) and were constantly greeting you. The casino area actually smelled good, there was a scent all over the lobby and casino area.....huge plus for me....We came in groups and had reserved two rooms. We requested connecting rooms but it was not available at the time of check in and since it was not requested ahead of time it was no big deal. However, they did agree to reserve a room on the same floor as mine so that when my cousin and friends arrived her room would be ready to go. I really liked the decor and ambiance of the place overall. The rooms were very clean and put together. I really do have to say that I liked the all in one remote that controlled everything in the room. The pool area is amazing and huge with several pools to hang out at. Before I get to the BAD I would like to mention that the Cafe Vettro at Aria was amazing (even for a very picky person as myself). We ate there a couple times and will definitely be back for more. \n\nThe Bad.... \nOnce our second group arrived a couple hours later they were advised that there were no rooms reserved on the 19th floor (same floor as mine) and the only thing available was a king size bed on the 15th floor and two queen beds-smoking on the 11th floor. Before our second group arrived we were guaranteed the second room on the same floor and even received confirmation from their manager. After listening to lame explanations from the front desk and their worthless supervisor we took the room on the 11th floor room since the room on the 15th floor was king bed only. We definitely did not want a smoking room since I can not stand the smell but we had no other choice since Aria screwed us over already. Anytime we wanted to go to each others rooms we had to take the elevator all the way down and take a different elevator due to the floor difference. \n\nNow to the PLAIN OLD UGLY......... \nTo make matters worse we were in our room and other people opened our room with a room key to get in. The stupid front desk had assigned other people to the room we were reserved under. Thereafter, we left our room as we were assured by front desk that it was taken care of. The whole mix up was that they had assigned us to the room on the 15th floor even though we told them we do not want the room with the king bed. We were once again told everything was okay but to our surprise when we returned our room keys did not work. We once again went to the front desk and spoke to a rude manager. The manager informed us we were STILL listed to be on the 15th floor not the 11th. We were once again advised that things were taken care of and we were assigned to the room on the 11th floor. \n\nThings did not end here. Saturday night I went up to the room drunk and ready to knock out and of course they messed up again....At this point I was no longer surprised. My card did not work again. I called front desk and they called security up but since the room was under my cousin's name I was not able to get in. The room on the 19th floor was under my name and the room on the 11th floor was under my cousins. Security then informed me the worst that they had once again given key cards to our room to other individuals to check in. Those people found luggage's and called front desk. I do not appreciate strangers going thru my stuff or looking into our room. Front desk then sent over security to go thru our stuff to find ID's then the room was completely locked out with our stuff inside. We had requested that our names be placed under each others rooms but we were advised that it should not be a problem.....WELLLLLLLL....IF WE ONLY KNEW HOW INCOMPETENT THESE EMPLOYEES WERE....... \n\nI then decided to make a scene to hopefully get these so called employees to work and me into my room. After I called the manager and yelled and told them that I will wake up everyone on my floor and cause problems they agreed to hear me out. I advised these idiots that I can open the safe and pull out my checkbook with my name on it they agreed to let me in hours after I wanted to get in....At this point I was no longer drunk..... Just when we thought we were done dealing with screw ups .....came more trouble. During checkout we were advised that we were supposed to leave on Tuesday and they were not sure why we were checking out early. We were checking on the right day and did not want to spend another night there. I understand this hotel is new but it has been over a year and I have never had this type of horrible service ever in life. It was one thing after another and it was never ending. My birthday weekend was ruined thanks to Aria. I was so excited to stay here but within hours of arriving I was so disappointed. \n\nI WILL NEVER...REPEAT....NEVER STAY AT THIS HOTEL EVER AGAIN....