It was Saturday February 17th 2018 and I made a reservation for two at approximately 8pm & told them it was a VERY special occasion and requested a table for two.  I had planned to propose to my girlfriend. We arrived to the most beautiful ambiance, the restaurant was completely full, greeted at the entrance with a very warm welcome by the older female hostess.  My girlfriend was so excited about the ambiance & music, it was quite stimulating. She seated us within minutes and we requested to sample their very best Chardonnay. After tasting two,  I then ordered a bottle of my girlfriend's choosing.  After reviewing the menu, we decided on the Caprese Salad to start & to be followed by a Veal Piccata and Veal Marsala.  Unfortunately when the Caprese Salad arrived, there was NO BASIL but rather plenty of spinach!?!  As we pushed our plates away with disappointment the server noticed and reported to the kitchen, then suddenly returned to confirm that they were out of Basil. Shortly after that awful experience, our entrees arrived while still maintaining hope, but yet again disappointed after a few bites, realizing the veal for both dishes was tough and must have been frozen for quite some time. My girlfriend thought it was chicken! Personally I wasn't sure what kind of meat I had just tasted. Once again we pushed our plates away and immediately requested the check.  At that point the owner came over, introduced himself and sat down at our table; uninvited. We expressed our initial disappointment with the Basil-less Caprese salad (if any Italian could call it that).  He apologized and informed us that due to so many clients, the kitchen had ran out of ingredients and it had been removed off our bill. To which we wondered why it had been knowingly served in the first place with a key ingredient missing.  We quickly made our escape back to our regular Italian joint just down the road. Never to return to this so called Italian restaurant. \n\nP.S. My girlfriend said 'yes' after she ate REAL Italian food at Veneto.