I have been to Downtown Summerlin several times since it first opened, but didn't feel it was fair to review it until more businesses opened up. It was well publicized in the local papers and on social media, so I wasn't upset or surprised that a lot of the businesses weren't open at first. Downtown Summerlin is like Town Square except that it's away from the Strip and doesn't feel as congested with people and cars. Downtown Summerlin is basically a mall with \"extras\" since you will find more here than your typical mall and food court experience. \n\nWhen it comes to food there are plenty of options depending on your craving. If you are looking for a quick bite or something to-go then Moe's Southwest Grill, MTO Cafe, Capriotti's, Panda Express, Five Guys (bleh), Crazy Pita, Earl of Sandwich, Pieology or Zaba's are options. As far as a more \"sit down\" meal, I am really thrilled they put a Lazy Dog Cafe in. Not only is the food good, but you can bring your fur baby with you and eat on the patio. Other restaurants are California Pizza Kitchen, Wolfgang Puck Bar and Grill, Andiron Steak and Sea, CRAVE Restaurant, Red Robin, Sushi Loca and Trattoria Reggiano to name some. Shake Shack, Pancho's and Blue Ribbon Fried Chicken are opening soon. If you have a sweet tooth or just want dessert they have options for that as well with CREAM, Gelato Messina, Wetzel's Pretzels and Wonderland Bakery. There are more restaurants opening soon. If you would rather cook at home then Trader Joe's is also an option here. There are more restaurants opening soon.\n\nThen there's the normal mall stuff like Nordstrom Rack, Old Navy, Macy's, Dillard's, True Religion and GUESS to name some. There is a Regal movie theater and a Build-A-Bear Workshop. \n\nWhen I comes to parking I haven't experienced any issues yet. They have plenty of parking spaces near whatever business you are headed to. I'm sure around the holidays it will be a different story! They have plenty to offer here for all ages and I like a lot of the new additions instead of just the same type of mall establishments I'm used to seeing.