I felt compelled to write a review on My Resort after researching this place trying to decide if I wanted to try it. I couldn't find any real information to understand what it was really about, even their website only offers limited information. You will either dig this place or you won't. I went with a friend and we had the exact same treatments, the same day, but had very different experiences. I really enjoyed it but she didn't care for the \"automation\" of it all. Your experience here, like most things, will probably depend on what you are expecting. \n\nThey have very friendly staff. Tina has been there each time I went and she is so personable and helpful, very sweet. \n\nIt is located in a strip mall that looks a bit run down. I never would have thought to visit this place if I was just doing a drive by and choosing based on curb appeal. Once you are inside it has cute decor. There are private rooms for each of the \"automated\" services. \n- Hydromassage. You lay fully clothed on a bed with a screen where you control the pressure, zones and speed of the water jets. I really played with it a lot and found a perfect combination for blissful relaxation. IF you like those types of things. My friend was not a fan, she prefers regular hands on massages, she thought it was odd. It was about 15 minutes long. \n- Lumiere Facial- they give you facial products (which you have to purchase). You wash your face in the bathroom and then apply a serum. Then they set you up in a comfy massage chair, put goggles on you and put a big \"screen\" of lights in front of your face. My friend said the the bright lights were painful to her eyes and quit the session after a minute (she wears contacts so maybe that made her sensitive?). It reminded me of sitting in the sun without sunglasses in the summer. My face got very warm and all in all it was very relaxing. I saw a few stars afterwards like when you have a flash picture taken. I did the Repairing facial; I noticed right away that my face seemed \"rosier\" (this is not a tanning session) and my skin texture overall seems improved. I am a fan and I have been back for 2 more sessions. Lasts 20 minutes. \n- Hydrating steam pod - this was interesting. You strip down and hop into a pod that heats up to 118* i think they fill the steamer up with some hydrating concoction. Your head sticks out and you can supposedly control the heat on the control screen although neither me or my friend could get it to go down when we felt too hot. I love super hot baths\/showers so i enjoyed it. My friend felt claustrophobic. it was about 20 minutes. I would not pay the per use charge to use this again. Just seems high for what it is. \n\nThey also have a tanning bed (I never tan because tanning ruins your skin and prematurely ages you!!) and a sunless spray tan machine that I will try one day. \n\nThe monthly package is a reasonable enough cost for me to give it a shot. I'm trying for 6 months. What makes it a deal is you can go in as much as you like and get whatever services you want (based on availability). You have to pay like $5 extra when you spray tan. Overall, I highly recommend this place if you are like me and into these types of treatments!