NO NO NO. First off, we did not stay here because we wanted to. My husband and I are both active duty and we were staying in base lodging, but had to move here when there was no longer availability for us on base (were waiting to close on a house). When we called to make reservations, the women who we spoke to was pleasant enough. She had told us that there were utensils and other things provided for the kitchenette. We walked in and i swear i wanted to turn right back around. It reminded me of an 80s massacre movie\/porn film. The \"kitchenette\" had a butter knife, 2 forks and 2 spoons and a few glasses. We went down to the front desk and they said they'd try to get something for us and we had a few pots delivered the next day. Needless to say we ended up buying a cutting board, some knives and other essentials for cooking a meal. Our refrigerator was broken and didn't work, luckily they came out and swapped it that same day. We also wanted them to check on our AC because i swear that thing is possessed. They came to \"look\" at it but said there was nothing they can do unless it stops working. It wakes us up every few hours with groans and pounding noises and screeches. Its not fun at all. The towels are a joke, if you want to call them towels. On the plus, the internet is pretty fast though. we were stuck with a room of 2 double beds. We thought one of the mattresses smelled of urine but nope, come to find out, there is an amazingly strong odor of urine just under the bed on the carpet! Yay! it smells so bad. The other double bed wasn't as bad..we only found one bug crawling in it so far. UGH! This place is not worth the money even with the sorry excuse for a military discount. I was considering moving into my coworkers RV instead of living here, but we are so tired of moving all our stuff around. Oh yeah- and the housekeeping only comes once a week- if you want it more often it costs extra..i think they said $40. NOT WORTH IT! Do not stay here if you have kids you care about or don't want to witness drug possession. On our way to and from the pool there is a lovely couple of people sitting at their couches rolling\/smoking blunts in there with the door open. i wish i could not give any stars. The people at the front desk are so rude as well.