I had studied the menus online and had pretty much decided to go with the seasonal tasting menu.  However, when ordering, my server talked me out of the seasonal menu in favor of the same priced Signature tasting menu.  On his recommendation, that's what I ordered.\n\nI was first brought a choice of rolls and some salted, softened butter--the way butter should be served unless requested otherwise.\n\nThe first course was a domestic caviar parfait with five levels with a shallot, potato pancake on the bottom and topped with the caviar as well as having a layer of smoked salmon.  A very good beginning.\n\nThe second course was a tartare of ahi tuna with Asian pear, pine nuts, and a quail egg mixed together at the table to mix the tuna with the other components.  This was bland.  There was no salt on the table.  The dish could have used some.  This was a bit of a letdown.\n\nThird course was miso-glazed Chilean sea bass with shellfish dumplings.  The sea bass was excellent.  It was cooked perfectly and the miso broth was very good.  The two dumplings were OK.\n\nThe fourth course was Mina's famed lobster pot pie.  My server explained how this affected his career and that this was his signature dish.  The top of the pot pie is sliced around the edge and then this cap is removed to reveal the lobster stew inside.  There were chunks of lobster and vegetables such as celery, potato, and carrot.  The dish is a winner.\n\nNext up was the American wagyu beef, three slices of tender beef with a piece of Hudson Valley foie gras and a pinot noir reduction.  There was also a small amount of mashed potatoes and a slice of mushroom.  The beef was good but steak loses something for me when it's sliced like this even though it was rare.  The mashed potatoes were so sparse they could have been left from the plate and not missed.\n\nFinishing the meal was an assortment of sweets for dessert.  The was a chocolate whiskey cake, cocoa nib ice cream, some candied hazelnuts and salted caramel as well as Mina's famous root beer float which had a chocolate straw embedded in sassafras ice cream.  There was also a warm chocolate chip cookie.\n\nService was excellent.  My server, Alejandro, was a pleasant and polite.  His explanation of the dishes was interesting and his recommendation of the Signature tasting menu was great!  \n\nI was surprised for a tasting menu that there was no amuse-bouche nor any mignardises at the end.  It's not necessary, but you sort of expect it with a tasting menu at a restaurant with this high reputation.\n\nAnother time, I'd order the lobster pot pie as the main course and get the whole lobster.  That would be quite the meal!