You know.. It amazes me how a night can be going so well and how you can rate your experience very highly in your head until in one split second the manager ruins it all for you.\n\nUnfortunately that was our experience here.\n\nI had plans to come to Deville with a few girlfriends last week and was so excited to try it out because the reviews looked great.\n\nWe were seated, and right away you could feel a funky vibe from the diner with bright purple lights and cool oldschool booths lining the space. After looking at the menus, we were told that the mango mojitos were the special of the day so we went with those and they were pretty good.\n\nWe then ordered our mains (I had the Adam's Ribs) and received our food in under 20 minutes. The ribs were fall-off-the-bone delicious, the cornbread sweet but well made, and the coleslaw was good too (not too smothered in mayo). I wasn't a fan of the matchstick fries, but that's just me.\n\nOthers at my table also really enjoyed their food and overall experience.\n\nOnce we finished dinner, we asked to see a dessert menu and were approached maybe 5 times by our server asking if we had made a decision. This was a little bit annoying because he was hovering but even then, I wasn't mentally taking any stars away from my review. We ordered the apple pie ice cream sandwich to share which was also very very well made.\n\nBy that point, we had been at the diner for about two hours to 2.5 hours and had been chatting as most people do (9:30pm on a Thursday). We paid around that time also and proceeded to continue our conversation. Around 10, the manager came to our table pretty much kicking us out saying that she had reserved our table for another couple who had been waiting over 35 minutes for us to leave, and that she could seat us in a corner (our booth had access to the TV) because they wanted to watch the game, or we could just leave.\n\nNow you can imagine our disdain....no one had said anything to us about our table being reserved. We were paying customers who didn't really overstay their welcome in terms of going out for dinner, drinks, and dessert. And you can't just kick people out because they've paid their bill and now someone else wants our particular table (which was nothing special by the way).\n\nSo, as you can imagine, the three of us left with a very bad taste in our mouths, and although I was really excited to bring other friends and family to try out the food here, it's safe to say that I will definitely not be back. There are tons of delicious options in Montreal with excellent service as I've mentioned before in another review or two. Bad service or being spoken to as we were for no reason is really not acceptable in a city where competitors are a dime a dozen.\n\nBut to those of you reading to see if the food is good, it is. The service was quick and the decor is well done. Before the manager came over, I was planning on a 4 star review, but two stars removed for this unneccesary action on her part........