Thai Long-An is on my list of go-back-to Thai places if I'm in the general area, and this is one of those restaurants that I really wish Yelp had a half-star option for. 3.5stars overall, as it does pale a little in comparison to some other Thai restaurants I've had around the Phoenix area.\n\nOff of 7th avenue, this restaurant has its own parking lot, inside and outside dining, and very friendly service. It just comes down to the food, which I think veers always on the sweet side. The flavors are there, but the underlying hint of sweetness in every single dish isn't my favorite.\n\nTom Yum soup:\nI like that there is an option to get a bowl or entire hot pot, and the pot comes with dancing flames in the middle to keep the soup hot. The flavor is good, and when I've gotten the vegetarian version, it's been heaped high with a variety of freshly chopped vegetables. Just as a sidenote, apparently the tofu version doesn't come with much veggies, which I thought was interesting.\n\nYellow curry:\nThis curry was creamy and had good flavor, but it was almost more sweet than savory. The potatoes were slightly underdone, but that could be a personal preference since I like my potatoes quite soft. I liked the heaping mound of rice that came with this curry, and it was quite a generous size.\n\nGreen curry:\nThough yellow curry is usually my favorite, I gravitated more towards the green here because it was less sweet and had that nice kick to balance out the sugar. Again good flavor.\n\nDrunken noodles:\nThese were okay, but I thought that the rice noodles had been a bit over cooked so that they were a little soggy and falling apart. The pork had good flavor, but I would've liked to see more sauce and savoriness in the dish itself. As you can see from the pictures, the color was quite light and gave the feeling of being somewhat bland. The carrots were also undercooked so that they were crunchy in the middle.\n\nMango sticky rice:\nThis was made very well, and it's one of the better renditions I've had. The sticky rice was cooked just right, not too soggy and not too hard. It had obviously not been sitting in the fridge for too long like at some restaurants because the rice granules weren't stuck together too much, and with the drizzle of warm coconut milk over it, it was delicious. The fresh mango accompanied it nicely, and the portion was generous for the price.\n\nChances are I'll be back to Thai Long-An, especially if I'm in the mood for something a little sweeter.