My Husband, me, our daughter and a friend took a road trip to Madison we decided to have lunch at Old Fashioned because of all the great reviews. Maybe we had really high expectations but we were not very impressed. It wasn't bad but it was not spectacular either. \n\nThe outside of the restaurant is very cool looking and eye catching. The inside has the original hardwood floors which adds to aesthetics. Most of the decor fits with their theme but one thing that threw me off when we entered was the Chinese lanterns above the bar which were a little weird made me feel like I was in a Chinese restaurant. \n\nThe place was packed which was expected for a Sunday at brunch time but seeing little kids sitting at the Bar to eat is a little off putting I think the bar should be for adults only. We did not wait very long for seating which was nice. All of the staff was super friendly and they all had a smile.\n\nThey have a great beer list and their menu has a lot of options which. We ordered 2 bottled beers and a mimosa it took a while to get our drinks which was a little annoying. But we just let that one slide since it was so busy and our waiter was very nice. \n\nMy husband ordered the grilled cheese and the cheese curds. The cheese curds were very good but the grilled cheese was lacking because the cheese was not even fully melted. My daughter got the Chicken tenders from the kids menu. Let me tell you she loves chicken tenders but she barely ate them. She said she didn't really like them but she loved the fries. I got the old fashioned Burger and it was ok it's supposed to be their signature burger but it wasn't bursting with flavor which I had expected, the fries were very good they were crispy and fried perfectly. Our friend order the sausage and for her side she got the homemade potato salads which I tried a bit of and it was spiced just right and had a lot of flavor. She said her sausage sandwich was good I didn't try it.\n\nOverall not super impressed with their food it was average in my opinion. They have the sides down pat but their main components are lacking. Not sure we would return.