We went to this restaurant on October 27, 2011 \n\nVIBE \nFor some reason, I thought this restaurant would be way down on Clinton for that \"unassuming\" vibe.  That said, it's just a wee bit north on Clinton across from Café Diplimatico's patio. Acadia's location is a pleasant surprise and a much needed addition to the dying College St. scene.  I felt like I was going to a friend's house for a dinner party. We were immediately greeted by a hostess and had no problem waiting for a little bit. She got our jackets and immediately seated us. Additionally, she was knowledgeable about the menu.  The place is very simple. Wooden tables, blue and white checkered napkins and a very low key crowd (we did go on a Thursday). The crowd was a bit older. Gray haired groups of friends came but young couples and friends hanging out were also dining here.  We had a friendly, funny waiter. When we asked about how something was rated on the menu, he said \"above average.\" I love that.  And ladies:  if you want to flirt with a cute waiter, this is your place. The staff is 98% men in their twenties.  You can bet your French Canadian heritage I'm coming back! That said, all staff were very professional and there were about four different waiters helping us with our menu but not in an annoying over your shoulder the way. I'm not complaining! They were so attentive. For instance, when we were out of our seat they made sure that they folded up the napkin; it was also nice to have someone to talk to while waiting for our dining companion to return to the seat.  Brava! \n\nWE ATE \nSo the menu changes on the regular. No boudin balls for me. I like that Chef Matt Blondin wants to mix it up. It keeps the menu fresh and the diners on their toes.  .  We ordered all sides, one appetizer and one main. We got the pickle dish to start, complimentary.  That was a nice surprise. We were then handed our side order of the cornbread with sweet potato butter. It was a refreshing bread dish and my friend loved the sweetness of the butter, but it wasn't for me.  For an appetizer we had the Northumberland Strait Scallops - chicken crackling, parmesan crisp, watermelon rind, basil. The scallops were cooked perfectly, but we both noted there were a bit salty.  \nOur main course was the Vidalia Onion Tart - lightly smoked gruyere, caramelized hops, green apple, assorted lettuces.  I could not get enough of this dish!  And it's fantastic as a vegetarian option (I'm not veg by the way).  We both noticed that there was a bit of an absence of the gruyere but we could smell it on the dish.  The pastry was perfectly baked, not too flaky but flaky enough. And it was hot out of the oven. Such a comfort dish. I could have ordered two of these! \nBack to the sides. Chris Nuttal Smith (restaurant critic for Toronto Life) raved about the Collard Greens - pancetta, licorice cream - and they're great! Five a day right? The cream doesn't take away from the greens.  My favourite side was the Farro \"Succotash\" - wild mushroom, truffle oil- it's no surprise I love my truffle oil and it did not disappoint! A great rice dish. Seconds please! \nAcadia also has a great drinks list. The malbec was strong and was a great companion to our meal. I also opted for the \"To Dew List\" cocktail, with gin and honeydew. It was absolutely dew-licious! \nThis is a big contender for the birthday dinner.  Excited to come back here. The waiter said that the shrimp and grits was a popular dish and I'll be trying this next.  Compliments to Matt and his team for a great meal. \n\nOBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK\nAny restaurant with cute, single wait staff has my attention. But you have a return customer when you have the whole experience, French Canadian and cute wait staff or not. But French Canadian doesn't hurt.  Big winks.  If Acadia isn't on En Routes top Canadian restaurants next year (if they can keep up their game), I'll be surprised.