I was really rooting for this hotel. I came up for Memorial Day weekend for Punk Rock Bowling and was expecting much more based on reviews from my friends.\n\nI originally booked a double and when I checked in I was given a king bed, just one. I was told that they would \"graciously let me have a roll away bed for free for this night only\". Um, so they were doing me a favor? No shit it should be free, they already messed up my original reservation. After arriving to the king room, there was blood in the bathroom. 2 large splats on the door. I walked downstairs to talk to the manager to just let him know how disappointed I was within the hour I had arrived. He said there was nothing he could do but said he could send someone up to clean the blood. So wait, did they not clean it before? I laughed. He then said he could give me 2 free buffets even tho I was with a group of 4. He said he could move me the following day in the afternoon to which I agreed.\n\nFollowing day, we moved to the double. Yay, we're happy. Then we decided to order some grub. If you look at the cover of the room service menu, it clearly says that if there is something you would like that is not on the menu they will do their very best to accommodate your needs. My sister who did not want any red meat, asked if they could make a chicken sandwich for her since it's not on the menu. The lady replied no but they had chicken pasta. Not the same thing at all. My sister then asked, \"Well can you just make a chicken breast for me and bring me a bun?\" The lady replied no. At that point it seemed like the employees there were intentionally trying to piss people off or just be rude.\n\nThe next day, we ordered another round of food, late night. We called around 4 am to order food and within a second of hanging up we decided we wanted to cancel. We called and asked the lady to please cancel the order and she got very angry with us and told us the order had already been placed and there was nothing she could do and then hung up.\n\nOverall I was VERY let down. I had high hopes for this hotel. The pool is super cool, although small, it has a cool slide through the shark tank and good drinks, but, I will never reserve a room here again. Ive stayed at the el cortez and the D and the customer service at those hotels far surpassed my expectations. I felt like everyone at the Golden Nugget hated their lives and those of the people staying in their hotel.\n\nDO NOT STAY HERE! \nSTAY AWAY!