I have been holding off writing this review for awhile because of one silly little snag I just can't get past. I wanted to wait until the bitterness passed, but that's just not happening. \nAnd yes, $1.00 is what is holding me back from giving this place a better rating.\nI went for brunch with my friend Tracee.\nWe each ordered coffee, when the server asked if we take cream, we both said yes.\nNot realizing how large the portions were, we decided to split a muffin as an appetizer. (I don't remember which one - but it was perfect.)\nTracee went for the stuffed French toast with bacon (HUGE and delicious); I opted for the prosciutto, arugula and goat cheese omelet with home fries (Really good - and a LOT of food).\nWe were both stuffed - but the owner comes out to tell us about dessert. Lemon pound cake with strawberries and a ricotta mint sauce. It sounded too amazing to pass up, so I asked for it to go, but bring 2 spoons so we could try it on our way out.\nIt was phenomenal!\nIt is incredibly rare I do three courses for my first meal. It was a ton of food, and it was all truly good. The service was friendly, the place is clean and quaint.\nSo - why only three stars with such positive things to say? \nThe bill.\nIn addition to the charge I was expecting for the 2 coffees, there was a charge for the CREAM for the coffee! ($0.50 X 2 = $1.00 upcharge)\nWTF?\nEven the chain coffeehouses provide as much cream as you want at no additional charge. Many restaurants have the creamer on the table as a matter of course if you order coffee. Never before - from greasy roadside diners to fine dining to world class resorts have I been charged for cream for my coffee.\nThis upcharge wasn't on the menu. It wasn't mentioned when we said we would, indeed, like cream for our coffee. If it was, I would have been incredulous. The concept is completely alien to me.\n$1.00 does not make a difference in my restaurant choice.\nBut in this case - I thought it was so tacky and borderline underhanded - no matter how much I enjoyed the meal and the experience before the bill came, when I think of Wy Not, my first thought is the asinine charge for cream.\nAnd it's left enough of an impression that I am in no rush to go back. There are other good places with great food in town that are more than happy to consider cream for coffee to just be the cost of doing business and not sneak it onto my bill.