Admittedly, I do not live here but my boyfriend leased for one year and we split our time between his place and mine. \n\nWhile the building is nice and you are super close to Chase Field, that can present it's own set of challenges. Any time there is a function on that side of town, the Diamondback's games are the worst, they always close down the surrounding streets and it can be very long lines to get back to the building if you've been out somewhere else. On one recent occasion, it took us 15 minutes of driving around to finally get to a street that wasn't closed that would allow the Summit traffic through. In addition, the traffic cops are usually never pleasant. They are unfriendly, rude and almost always assume you are going the wrong direction when you go around the 'Local only' sign. Its nice being able to walk to a game but for me, you would have to go to almost every game to make up for the annoyance of living so close. \n\nThe building did seem well constructed and we never really heard noise between the floors. We did hear our neighbors arguments but that was because they SCREAMED at each other, A LOT. Other than that, inside sounds were probably some of the quietest I've experienced in any rental. There was the train tracks on the south side of the building but we faced NE and barely heard them. It did help that we slept with a white noise machine. Trash receptacles were on each floor so that was nice that you never had to carry trash outside.\n\nOther building features. The 3 elevators always worked and you never had to wait too long for the elevator. The gym was small but hardly ever anyone in it with free weights, 2 ellipticals and 3 treadmills. They did keep it at a balmy 77 degrees for awhile and you could nearly die from overheating if you broke a sweat during your workout. I did request once that it be turned down once but to my knowledge, that never happened. The two gas grills on the 5th floor where pretty much useless. They were a pain to lite and seemed to never get hot enough and food took forever to cook.\n\nThe infiniti pool is on the 5th floor so not high and the surrounding scenery...is well...of the train yards and the back of Chase Field. Additionally, any sun is blocked by 2pm so you can forget about laying out in the afternoon. I only got in the pool once but with all the pigeons attempting to take baths at the edge, I don't think I missed much. We did venture to the TINY hot tub a few times but many times it was broken and even once got mgmt notice that while it was being fixed, they asked that the residents please not urinate in the water because when it was tested, as it had unusually high amount of urine. EWWWWWWW.\n\nParking. As I said before, I didn't live here and didn't have an assigned space so that may have made my experience much more annoying than the normal person who lives here. There is metered street parking but MANY times these are unavailable due to some event at Chase or the United Center. If you did have an assigned space to your unit, it has one of those car lifts so you can park two cars in one space. Having never used one before, it was a bit intimidating at first but you get used to parking so you could make it out of your car without dinging your door since they are pretty narrow. We never encountered anyone parking in our space but given the staff, that would have NEVER happen....\n\nNow for the staff. There are lots of rules regarding parking but due to the limited guest parking, you must sign in every time a guest visits, which requires a trip to the front desk and interaction with the staff. There is one really friendly guy, Tony, that always smiles and is pleasant to be around. The other staff always seemed a little standoffish to me but maybe that was because I was just seen as a visitor? There was one person in particular though that made every interaction uncomfortable and I found rude 90% of the time. I could give several examples but I don't have enough characters in this review to even begin. I did what I could to limit my interactions with him but he definitely made living here, even part time, more unpleasant than it should have been. \n\nOverall its not a terrible place but for the money, I'd definitely want to look at other options before renting\/buying here.