My boyfriend and I went to Big's Furniture in search of both living room and dining room furniture. We went and were greeted by one of the salesmen named Ken. He was nice but very cocky! We found a nice dining table and a couch set that we fell in love with. He gave us a great deal and we were pleased with that. I wanted to upgrade the chairs on the dining table to leather and he stated that was possible. I thought that was great! I did ask him if he would make sure to match the wood on the chairs to that of the very dark wood table. He said that he would take care of that. I was concerned because the leather chairs in the store were all a lighter shade of wood. Anyway, we were very excited to pay off our furniture and have it delivered on the day of a dinner party we had planned. When the guys set the table up, it was the wrong table! The table we had ordered was a pub height table and the chairs were high enough for that. The table that was delivered was a low table. The chairs were taller than the table itself! We called Big's and spoke to the supervisor named Cima (I have no clue how to spell her name). She mentioned that the table that was delivered was the one that had been ordered. It seemed that she was stating we had requested the wrong table. We assured her that we had requested a different one from Ken. We ended up finding out that the table we had requested, is not available in a color to match the chairs. This, of course, would have been nice to know at the time that we placed our first order.  We were told that they would call us back, but we decided to stop by instead.  \n\nWe stopped by the store and found a table to match the chairs we had at home. We went to Cima and placed our new order. We mentioned our dinner party and she said she would see if they had a table in the back. She was able to find a damaged table in the style we wanted. She said we would be able to borrow it until ours came in. We were very happy with that. We felt that they were making up for their mistake and going above and beyond. They even made sure to deliver it within hours of our visit to the store.  \n\nWe waited about two months for our new table to come in. It wasn't so bad since we had the loaner table. The guys came to deliver the table and we noticed that all they brought was the base and not a table top! My boyfriend immediately called Cima and asked her what the deal was. She said that the table top we had initially received was brand new and only the base was damaged. This was definitely NOT the case! There were scratches and dings all over the table when it was delivered. We hadn't mentioned it when we saw them since we had been told it was a damaged table. They were trying to pawn off a damaged table top to us at full price. Cima was rude, accusatory and loves to talk over people. My boyfriend was not having that and demanded a new table top or a full refund. After some arguing with Cima, she finally agreed to order one for us. We now have our table and we are SO glad to be done with Big's. If you want good customer service DO NOT shop here. Ken was just cocky but Cima was one of the worst people we have ever had to deal with.