This review is about the type of people that work at Kelly's Kawasaki.  I have no knowledge of who owns the business and have never had any personal relationship with anyone working there at any time.  What I can tell you is how they treated me, a total stranger, when I came to them for a favor.  If you're like me, you want to work with GOOD people that deserve your money and your time.  I can vouch for Kelly's Kawasaki - since even though they knew they weren't going to make a dime off me, they truly treated me with genuine kindness.\n\nMy husband and I were planning a graduation party for his son that just graduated from MMI (Motorcycle Mechanics Institute).  We were also planning to have our first child together, and money was beyond tight.  Graduation decorations were an expense we couldn't afford, so I had the bright idea to ask motorcycle dealerships from nearby to give us old posters they didn't need anymore, which we could put all over the house and yard.  My thought was that with new models coming out all the time, they'd have to get rid of old model advertising often, so we should be able to get some great donations.  I was dead wrong.  My husband and I went to every Harley Davidson, Yamaha and Kawasaki dealership and not a single one tried to help us out - except Kelly's.  \n\nWe walked into Kelly's Kawasaki and told them a quick version of what was going on, and the kid at the desk got a manager immediately, who listened to us and then rounded up about 50 different posters for us and put them in a big box for us to take home. They were so kind and considerate to us I started crying I was so grateful (granted I am pregnant).  They didn't have to act this way, they could've acted like every single other dealership and not wanted to give us their time or be kind.  Instead they were respectful and truly generous with their time and resources.\n\nFrom this act alone, I will never buy from any other dealership, I will always recommend them, and I ask that you consider this local business as your first stop, because they're good people.