Wow. This escape room just put all of the other Vegas escape rooms to shame. There was nothing about this escape room that was cheesy or poorly made. This was an escape room of the future. \nPark your car on the street and you'll meet a security guard outside of the gate. You'll wait outside until your assigned time so wear something warm! Leave your belongings in the car, the area is sketchy, but the guard stands outside so it'll be safe. They also have lockers with keys inside. You won't want to be carrying anything! \nI've never felt so immersed in an escape room before. For 90 minutes (not your traditional 60 min) I felt like I was a character in the Saw movies. You don't need to have watched the movies to solve the puzzles, but having watched the first couple I was able to appreciate the \"games\" a lot more. \nThe puzzles in this game were all pretty easy and involved more searching than solving. If you're looking for challenging puzzles, this may disappoint. However, the size of the rooms and the scare factor made everything way more difficult. There were close to 10 rooms and the rooms are HUGE. 8 people seems like a lot to have, but you'll want that many. \nMy only complaint (not really a complaint, haha) is the lack of warning they give about what you'll experience. The room was extremely immersive. Expect to crawl into tight spaces, expect to be in the dark, expect to get scared, expect loud noises. If you're pregnant, on the bigger size or easily scared this probably isn't the right room for you. If you're like me and love that kind of stuff, it was GREAT. \nThere is a timer for each room ranging from 5-15? minutes. If you run out of time, the doors will automatically open and you'll move forward to the next room. I LOVED this concept. It allows you to still experience all of the rooms and not get stuck seeing only the first. \nI've already recommended this room to tons of people and can't wait to hear about their experiences! Definitely, definitely, DEFINITELY the best escape room I've gone through.