It is with true sadness that I must note that tonight marks the end of an era for us.  Crust had been our go-to pizza place for longer than I can remember.  We easily spent $100+ per week at this location, not to mention attending wine dinners for an added cost.  The pizza was consistently good and the selection of Italian red wines was decent despite the fact that our beloved Barbera was recently removed from the list.  \n\nWe arrived tonight at 8:30pm after rushing to get home from our respective long days at the office so that we would be sure to arrive a full 30 minutes before Crust's posted closing time of 9:00pm so as to avoid inconveniencing the staff by arriving too close to closing time.  We'd been looking forward to our usual Greek salad, 20\" pizza which also would provide us with tomorrow's lunch, and our half-off bottle of wine consistent with their posted special on Mondays of 50% off bottles of wine.  Unfortunately for us, particularly given that this is not an overly convenient location relative to our home, we were immediately greeted by the female manager who announced that they were already closed because it was \"really slow\" (the pizza oven was already shut down) and that the kitchen staff had already gone home.  Really?!?!?!? It never ceases to amaze me how many businesses fail to realize that 90% of the challenge is getting a customer in the door in the first place and that it is regular customers who continually generate revenue that are the key to keeping the doors open.  Is it too much to ask that a business actually honor their posted business hours when regular customers make the decision to expend effort driving to your establishment to spend their money???  If a restaurant doesn't wish to be open unless some threshold level of business is being generated then why not simply post a sign that says \"we're open as long as we're busy but don't rely on us to respect our regular customers enough to care if they're going out of their way to purchase our food during the period of time we've said we'll be open\"?\n\nI refuse to \"beg\" a restaurant to allow us to spend our money there.  Are we supposed to call before driving over during their normal business hours to find out if they are, in fact, going to extend us the privilege of being open and allowing customers to dine?  Sorry, that's more effort than we're willing to expend to patronize a business that can't even honor their posted hours, particularly on a night when they offer a special that is designed to bring customers in (see my review of Vito's Pizza & Italian Restaurant from July 2012 and I can definitively say that we have not been back there despite how convenient their location was for us).  Sadly, tonight's attempt at dining at Crust will be our last and we will find somewhere else to spend our hard-earned dollars that actually appreciates its customers' patronage.