The food at Cyclo is entirely over-shadowed by its outrageous owner, Justina Duong.  If Justina was a gay man, she would make a great drag queen.  I think she's a hoot, but her outlandish behavior and brash comments do not work for everyone.  \n\nI have a very dear friend who lives in Chandler and she and I would go into Cyclo quite often.  My friend is married with three kids, but just she and I would go in.  She would always tell Justina about her family and show her pictures of the kids.  Justina really gets into teasing the customers and after a couple of years, she told my friend, \"You crazy fag-hag.  You never bring your family in here.  You just come in with your gay friend.  You don't even have a family.  Crazy Lady, you just carry around those pictures to make your lonely self feel better.\"  Justina also plays up the Vietnamese accent.  She can be off-putting at first if you don't know what's up, but the floor show never disappoints if you're willing to play along.\n\nThe food is good enough now, but it was better when the restaurant first opened.  The star dishes include Tom Rang Hat Tieu, an appetizer of shrimp on toasted baguette slices with a savory black pepper sauce that is plate lickin' good.  Another delicious starter is Banh Xeo.  It's a crispy rice crepe with shrimp, pork, sprouts, and lettuce leaves for wrapping the crepe slices before you eat them.  For entrees, Ca Ri Ga is a tasty chicken and pineapple curry and Com Tam is a mixed grill of a marinated pork chop, beef, shrimp, and egg over broken rice.  As a side dish, the Dau Xanh Xao Toi is a sublime preparation of spicy garlic green beans with chili and sweet soy.  \n\nHowever, the quality now varies.  The last time I went the pineapple curry was totally bland.  Even though I have eaten at this place many times, I didn't say anything because I didn't want to be bothered with Justina's reaction.  Instead, I haven't been back.  \n\nI have been into Cyclo when Justina was not there and the quality of the food was nowhere near the same in her absence.  My concern is that Justina has announced plans (yet again) to open a second Cyclo in the Valley.  This time it's supposed to be on Central Avenue south of Camelback and across from Brophy with a fall 2008 opening.  Once that place opens, I assume Justina will move her floor show to central Phoenix and I am left to wonder if the quality of the food will continue to slip in Chandler.\n\nCyclo has a BYOB policy and some people are really into it.  For me, it's not a huge selling point.  I prefer not to schlep my own booze to a restaurant, but it's cool if you're into it.\n\nIf you go to Cyclo, hope that Justina is there.  You're really going to Cyclo for Justina's antics rather than the food.