I received a much appreciated invite from Phoenix's lovely and talented Community Manager, Gabi K. \"Come watch this play with us!\" I looked it up and replied, \"Well, it looks like something my girlfriend would love, but it's better than sitting in my hotel room alone.\"  Yeah, yeah, not the most rousing of endorsements; along the same lines as \"It beats a poke in the eye.\" Lest you think me an ungrateful prick, however, let me just say that I had a good time. Sure, it wasn't my kind of show or my kind of crowd, but I'll get into that. But the short of it is, I'm glad Gabi invited me.\n\nSo what kind of crowd was it? Based on the mixed aromas of Chanel No.5 and Ben Gay wafting through the air, I'd say the average age of the room was just north of Deceased.  Being originally from Florida, I'm very familiar with the concept of God's Waiting Room and this, Dear Yelper, fit the bill right down to the \"Number Being Served\" sign. These folks were old!\n\n(How. Old. Were they?!)\n\nWell, they were so old, they told Columbus to get off their lawn.  They were so old, the hill they were over eroded years ago. They were so old, they thought JOHN MCCAIN didn't have enough experience.\n\nAnd did I tell you the crowd was a bit on the older side?\n\nThat's ok. Knowing that the play was based on Ann Landers, I expected this. It's not anything I'd hold against the theater, the play, or the crowd themselves. And at least they didn't spend the entire show messaging their friends on their phones, if only because it's kind of hard to text using a rotary dial. So good for all of them for getting out and getting some culture in their lives.\n\nThe theater was quite pretty. Based on the yelp reviews I read of the Herberger, I was expecting some ramshackle community theater. Instead, it was a full-fledged playhouse with comfy chairs, balcony seating and sponsors whom I've actually heard of.  I bought some beer, but seeing as how I was still bloated from dinner, I opted for the Bud Light. Since a new seasonal brew had just been delivered, the bartender mocked my choice of beer. I stood there and took it, because the selection deserved mocking. \n\nThe play was well-acted and well directed. The actress, Nancy Dussault, sold her role as Ann Landers to the point that it took me until half-time (sorry, the \"intermission\") to figure out that she was Mrs. Rush from Two Close for Comfort. There I sat, feet away from someone who spent years with Jm J. Bullock and she didn't appear to show any lasting effects. Therapy and pharmaceuticals can indeed work wonders.\n\nIn all, the play worked and even my cold, black heart moved a little. Infinitesimally to be sure, but even I could appreciate the work put into creating a show like that. And the audience agreed as those who could stand quickly, gave a standing ovation.   \n\nSo four stars to the Arizona Theater Company and to my fellow Yelpers who made my business trip to the desert just a little more enjoyable. Thanks all.