We had a free $25 restaurant.com certificate and chose to use it at Slice for no other reason than we saw it on the list of restaurants and recognized the name.  It was a Saturday night and the place wasn't too packed.  There were a few booths available but they sat us in one of those booth\/chair combo tables where a bunch of tables are lined up in front of one long booth.  I explain this because it becomes an issue later on.  \n\nWe ordered drinks (good selection of beers.  My husband was happy to get Magic Hat #9).  We chose Mamma's Garlic Bread as an appetizer.  When it came out, the runner was going around to each table asking if it was theirs.  Ahh!  I want my garlic bread, come here!  Served on a small pan with a roasted garlic head.  Interesting and kind of waste of a garlic head if you ask me but I'm only a moderate garlic lover, not a garlic-loving freak who needs a side of garlic head lol.  But the bread was pretty good.  \n\nFor dinner I ordered a bowl of pasta(bilities) (haha, cute.  Yes, I'm easily amused) and chose rigatoni with the spicy marinara sauce.  The server asked me if I wanted to add a side of meatballs or a salad and I said no.  My husband ordered the meatball hero which came with fries, and he substituted regular for garlic shoestring fries.  I'm so glad he did - they were delicious.  Anyway, my meal arrived with 2 meatballs on either side of it.  I didn't order meatballs so I just scooped them off on to a side plate.  (Not a vegetarian, I just don't like things that are too \"meaty\".  heh.  I just walked into a bunch of one-liners, I'm sure.  But you know what I mean.)  The server apologized and offered to bring me a new bowl of pasta if I was a vegetarian.  I told her there was no need for a new bowl, but I was glad she offered. \n\nThe marinara sauce wasn't bad but it tasted as though a lot of red pepper was the only reason it was \"spicy\" and not regular marinara sauce.  My husband enjoyed his meatball hero.  For dessert we had the sack of dough balls.  I thought these were going to be lighter, like zeppoles.  They could have been a lot more enjoyable if they had more cinnamon\/sugar sprinkled on the outside and they didn't pour so much sea salt over the chocolate\/hazelnut sauce. \n\nWe're nearing the end of our meal and they seat a family of five right next to us... in a table of 4.  They did this on the side we were sitting on so a young boy wound up sitting RIGHT next to me as though we were in the same group.  This really didn't bother me except I thought that if I were that family I'd be pretty pissed that one of the kids has to sit in between two different tables.  We were almost done - they could have had the family wait 10 minutes to put two tables together.  And of course, I had to slide to the other side of my table to exit, which was only a small inconvenience but just made me annoyed that they would consider this setup in the first place.  \n\nThe prices were not over the top, but you just don't get enough \"wow\" for your money here.  A single cheese slice (which I didn't try) is $4.95.  The decor is very hip and environment is pretty chill.  There is an internet juke box and the music playing was very good.  Some classic rock and you could tell the bartenders skip over songs they don't like.  It could be good or bad depending on who's listening.  \n\nOverall we probably wouldn't choose to come back unless we were in Mandalay Bay with others who wanted to try this place.  It was a decent one-time thing.  If you're there and you're feeling it, give it a shot.