This is a great dining option if you don't want to wait in long lines for a good Vegas buffet. We came here last week for lunch and had terrific dining experience. \n\nThe lunch buffet is modestly priced @ $35 (diiner - $50), outstanding selections and quality of the food made it a good value. It's located on 2nd floor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel. From the 1st floor, just take the escalator on the right of registration area, next to chandelier bar.\n\nWe only waited about 5 minutes before we were seated. Dining area was spacious and atmosphere classy. Service was terrific too. Our server was very friendly, plates were removed and drinks refilled promptly.\n\nWhen dining, they say that you eat with your eyes first. This is definitely true when you eat at the Wicked Spoon. Food Presentation was immaculate and visually appealing. Though family style offerings were present, there main focus were on individual small plates and customized containers. All creatively presented, portioned to right size and ease to get to. Not only did they looked fantastic, they tasted great as well. I took a slight pause at my plate, then dove straight in for the assault. A bounty of deliciousness was at our disposable.\n\nMy favorites includes -\nBone marrow - was like butter, scoop it out with a spoon and spread it over crostini bread. So wicked good! After two bites in, I gave up on bread and went full assault eating it like ice cream. Oh Yum!\nFive spice pork belly - perfectly crispy skin, succulent meat and fatty goodness was all she wrote. Expect irregular heartbeats after devouring an entire plate. \nRoast chicken - cooked to perfection, juicy and very flavorful.\nSalads - Caesar and cobb salad - beautifully presented and on point.\nHoney and Sriracha chicken wings - sweets, spicy and amazing.\nGrilled Asparagus - great texture and delicious. Always good going in, going out is another problem. Hahaha!\nEggs Benedict with shredded pork and a spicy hollandaise - excellent!.\nFresh juice section - small bottle of fresh juices. The fresh squeeze orange, carrot and lime juice was refreshing,\nSauteed vegetables (located in Chinese section) - fresh and delicious.\nShrimp Cocktail served in shot glass - good size shrimp and not drowning in cocktail sauce...very yummy.\n\nAll in all - Wicked Spoon did not disappoint. My only complaint was their limited seafood selection and there was no prime rib served during lunch. Instead, they had beef culottes (top sirloin roast). It was tasty, but the meat wasn't tender and slightly chewy. Not a show stopper, the beauty of a buffet is you can get other items if you don't like what you got. Great for picky eaters, especially kids. Bring your appetite and no diets allowed.\n\nOh yes, make sure to save extra space for dessert. Chocolate covered strawberries are so, so good! Gelato section is a winner - pistachio, salted caramel and tiramisu were my favorite.