I think trying the gelato for the first time warrants a re-review. Don't you?\n\nAfter a visit to the fall exhibit at the Bellagio's Conservatory and Botanical Garden, I took a short stroll over to Jean Philippe Patisserie to check out their sweets and baked goods. The gelato is positioned front and center near the record-holding chocolate fountain. With the line not so long on a Monday evening, I decided that I had to try it.\n\nFortunately, it didn't cost an unheard-of exorbitant level of pricing even at a Strip hotspot. At $4.25 for a single scoop in a cup, $2 for every additional scoop (although one wonders how many scoops they can squeeze in), and extra for cones, you can surely budget for this selection of classic\/safe flavors. I got in a sample of pistachio gelato before proceeding to order one scoop each of my go-to flavors, mango sorbet and hazelnut gelato.\n\nThe pistachio is that artificial almond-ridden stuff that resembles the cheap ice cream pistachio flavor, so I quickly forgot about it. The mango sorbet was nicely tart and rich in flavor, not too far off from the best flavored mango sorbets that I've had. However, it had way too many shards of ice crystals, suggesting some long-term storage issues that should not be present in a premium product. The hazelnut gelato was quite smooth aside from the untraditional but welcome chopped hazelnuts. Fortunately, that flavor was free of ice crystals. But perhaps the biggest issue is the gigantic gelato spoon that forces you to use just a corner or else plow through your dessert far too quickly. This has no place going with this dessert.\n\nThe almond croissant is still lovely, even the day after. Throw it in the oven for a few minutes if you want to restore the crunch or just enjoy the fluffiness and almond paste goodness alone. I also tried their palmier for the first time, which was also awesome and addictive. If you want flaky, buttery puff pastry with the right amount of sugar, this is the way to go.\n\nSo for those keeping score, it's a green light for baked goods at Jean Philippe Patisserie, and a yellow light for the gelato. Certain flavors will do in a pinch, but it's no must-go destination for gelato connoisseurs. As for cakes, chocolates, or crepes - maybe next time!