Finding a dentist can be quite a chore.  Sure, they are all over the place, but do you pull into the first one you find?  Unlike fast food, where you will probably be okay if you get a sub-par burger, you may want to do your best to make sure you get a good one when it comes to your teeth.\n\nUnfortunately there is no really good system.  Most of us look for a decent office, find a solid web page, depend on suggestions from our insurance carrier or ask our friends for ideas.  We might even ask people on the web!  And then we pull into the most convenient place anyway because we have put it off for so long we really have little other choice - and then generally pull out unhappy.  Heh.  I said \"pull out\".\n\nSo when we relocated to Mint Hill, we were naturally inundated with flyers from just about every dentist in the area.  Which is to say, three of them.  As my wife hates dentists - I mean really hates dentists - I figured I would be the first to check him out, and I was pleasantly surprised.  The receptionist is very sweet, even offering to check into our insurance before we even arrive (of course, that helps them as much as it does us), and the waiting room is incredibly welcoming, and especially so for a dentist.\n\nOffice hours are great - they are closed on Mondays, but they make up for it by being open later on other days and even on Saturdays!  The actual work rooms are almost as nice as the waiting room, and you even score a television of your very own, but because this is a small practice, you really get very little time to check anything out on the tube since they work so quickly.  I was unable to even locate the Spice Channel.\n\nI only hesitate to give a fifth star for two reasons.  One is that I have no skill as a dentist myself, so I am unable to tell if Dr. Park is really that talented or just good at making you feel like he knows what he is doing.  Now I could go all Steve Martin a la Little Shop of Horrors, but that really would not help me rate Dr. Park, which is the important part in judging (even though it may be fun as a second career).  Two is that, like Mike B., rating a dentist that high is really hard to do.