What a great little delicious cafe tucked away in a strip mall!\n\nI recall when this facility was Sabuddy's and only stopped in every now and then. It switched to Essence some time ago, and I *just* went earlier this month - what is wrong with me? I've been cheating myself out of their killer menu and baked goodies for *how* long?\n\nAt the urging of Bonnie, we went for a Saturday morning breakfast trip. I hate to compare, but it's like if Wildflower was more low-key, smaller, with a less \"corporate-y\" feel, had a more adventurous menu and less suburban snob clientèle, well, this would be it.\n\nI tried the Egg Sandwich on my first trip and thought it was great - putting fried egg on a sandwich is a tough thing to pull off, but it wasn't a runny mess but a tidy, delicious meal. At $4.50, it's one of the cheaper items, but comes with no side and I desperately needed to try the Mashed Potato Cake. But $4 for that thing? I don't know... I wish they just added it to the entree and tacked an extra $1.50 or $2, or just made that side about a dollar less - that seems steep. But it's so good they know they can get away with it!\n\nThe coffee (it's from Cartel up the street) was delicious and self serve, as was the ice tea and water. Nice that you don't have to wait at the counter, wait for someone to come by or cut in the front to ask for a refill.\n\nOn our next stop I eyed the Quiche Lorraine and Croque Madame. But that Potato Cake was calling my name again and the baguette toast is so good (neither of the two entrees offer it). So I went for an easy standby - the Big Breakfast, which is fried or scrambled eggs, that cake, sauteed mushrooms, toast w\/ their homemade jam and one sausage link (from local supplier, Schreiner's). The plate was just gorgeous with those mushrooms and perfectly cooked eggs pre-seasoned with fresh-cracked pepper and everything else. It is a lot of food though - I left almost the entire sausage (nothing wrong, I'm just not a breakfast meats person...unless we're talking chorizo), some mushrooms and half an egg.\n\nOn to desserts - I've now (thanks to Bonnie!) had three of their signature macaroons. The Caramel Cream, French Chocolate and the (I think seasonal) Pumpkin Spice. Wow - these are rich and sweet, sweet, sweet. I don't have too much of a sweet tooth, so one bite of one is good enough for me, but at $3 a pop it's worth splurging and saving the rest for later. I also tried their White Chocolate Macadamia Cookie with cranberries (I think that's what it was called, it's not on their online menu). That is definitely more my speed than the uber gooey macs -- it was chewy and a treat without being too sweet and with a tangy-ness added by the cranberries. VERY good.\n\nSo wow....just wow! What an amazingly cute, friendly bakery that serves some delicious food. Can't wait to keep coming again and again to try the other items now that I've had my Potato Cake fix for  a while and then to (I haven't even glanced at or began to fathom because the choices are so painstaking as it is) try the lunch menu.