Listen. I'm about to say a sentence the likes of which I have never even considered or imagined, but I cannot think of any other way to say this:\n\nThis grocery store is lit, fam.\n\nSeriously. I'm gonna just gloss over the groceries because that's what you expect to see. Yeah, they have Super Doubles and Triples with the coupons. Produce is still good. Meat is still good quality and the shelves are decently stocked.\n\nNow here comes the fun parts: \n\n1) There's a bar. Ask yourself how many times you've walked into a store to pick up some Yukon gold potatoes and had the pleasure to ask someone, \"Excuse me, where's the bar?\" Listen. I've been frustrated while grocery shopping before and totally WANTED a bar, but there wasn't one. This place? They got you. \n\n2) The bar has specials. Every. Day. Do you realize the bonus that this provides? You don't have time to brunch on Sunday morning because you gotta do a big dinner? $4 mimosa at the HT. Bam. Running late and irritated on a Monday evening after work, but you still gotta stop by the grocery store? Half price glasses of wine. Ka-pow. Don't have time to make it all the way home and you wanna check in on the Hornets game? Grab a beer and see what's on the television at the bar. Like, whaaaaat? Okay.\n\n3) The hot bar is a busy person's DREAM. So, you don't have time to actually cook a real meal, but you're hungry? This store offers hot actual meals that can be prepared daily from 4:30 pm until 7:00 pm. Prime rib? Lobster? Mongolian noodle bowls? It's all within your reach. Right next to the bar, so you can have a drink while you wait. I cannot deal.\n\n4) They have live music. Is this still a grocery store? I mean, I see the cereal, but I'm hearing a jazz cover of Semisonic's Closing Time or something. What is happening here? Pass me that zucchini, though. I have a list to get through.\n\nOkay, so here's the downside: this parking lot. It's a doozy. Developers don't give you as much room in the lots as they used to. I would park toward the outer edges and walk up. It can be more stressful than it needs to be. On the upside, if your nerves get really rattled, you can go grab a glass of wine or beer immediately after. ‍