I live nearby so thought I'd go with friends to check it out.  Very small, and beautiful décor. Center bar\/gaming area with dragon chandelier breathtaking.  We decided to eat (don't remember the name) but the security guy (not Asian) said they place served noodle bowls.\nIt looked a bit like a cafeteria..but when I asked the host he said no - \"it is a choice of small plates you choose yourself\".  He sat us at a booth...and never came back.  We sat there until we realized he was not coming back.  Here the questions began...but no real answers.  WE walked in circles trying to figure this place out and what the heck to do.  Basically you serve yourself without instructions.  The last of many we asked said, very excitedly \"this is like a China market at night with many street vendors\"...OK, I've never been to China nor a Chinese street market -but I blindly took a tray and began moving down the food line...where you are suppose to 'pick small plates'...no prices listed...the guys serving were nice...but they said they do not know the prices of the dishes.   Each 'station' : meat, noodles, seafood, no price.....and blank looks when we asked questions of the staff walking around.  \nI saw a choice of cold bottled drinks by check out, but since I saw a hot water and soda bar in the seating area...I waited to choose or thought -somewhere a server would appear at the table. Now @ cash out.  Russian roulette food purchase.Tab was  $23 : a bowl of noodles, a small plate of small slices of BBQ pork, some tofu, and 4 little steamed dumplings.\n I asked for iced tea, cashier said no ice tea. I said I would like some green tea then.  I thought I'd get a pot of green tea, nope. She hands me an empty cup and a tea bag. hum more 'self-service'...oh, plus $2 for tea.\nOff to my booth with my tray of food. No napkins, no service person, no water, no service person. Lot's of people walking around, but not welcoming, smiles or offers to help us local blondes..had to wave down the guy for water and napkins.\nI could not eat all of the food, so I threw my tofu into the bowl of noodles and waved (again) the 'guy'...guess he was not a server cause he served nothing...anyway when he arrived I said clearly, \"can I please have this bowl of noodles packed up to-go?\"  He nodded 'yes' kinda a bow..and he took them away.  I realized in about 10 min or so...hey no noodles, so I went looking.  I had a feeling I was about to get that 'deer in the headlights look'...and that I did as soon as I found this guy wandering around and coming out of what might have been the kitchen.  He had no idea where my noodles were...and said oh wait here...I said I do not want anything you bring back out of that back kitchen...trying not to imagine where he would find noodles when they at cooked our in the 'food line'.  Long story ends, two cashier gals were very kind and tried their best to help me, but in the end I did not want the little paper bowl she offered to put new noodle soup in.  By this time I had decided the food was not that good to even worry  about it.\nOff to gamble...I found that to be about as exciting as the noodle ordeal.\nCan't imagine wanting to go back..ever.