Have you ever wondered what a hipster bar looks like? I mean, really thought about it? If someone were looking for a location for a movie and the scene called for \"hipster bar\" this place nails it. It's got it all - board games, Schlitz beer tchotchke, $2 PBR in cans listed next to $10.50 sugar-tinis, irony, young, bespectacled bearded guy dressed in rumpled sportscoat worn over \"vintage\" tee, a slight sticky feeling, faint aroma of stale nicotine from decades of chainsmokers, local blue-collars not willing to relinquish their bar so they remain steadfast reminders of the past. I was blown away by the overwhelming stereotypes. This couldn't be real. Where are the dollies and cameras?\n\nI'm not sure where I stand with this place. Part of me really likes the dive bar feel, the history of the well-worn front door, the plastic floor tiles circa 1960, the beer steins dotting the walls. And part of me is sad. Why wasn't I blown away like everyone else? I wanted to be, really I did. But five-star reviews? Really? Was I even in the same bar? Maybe it just isn't for me. I don't do karaoke, I'm not out trawling for women, and I don't go to bars just to drink anymore. I'm thinking that's probably why. It has to be. After all, unless there has been some tear in the space-time continuum I had to have been at the same Prosperity Social Club everyone else went to, right? Maybe it gets better when it's dark outside. Maybe that's when the magic happens. OK, enough of that, let's get on with our experience.\n\nIt's about 6pm on a Thursday. Parking? No problem, nabbed a spot right out front on the street. Seating? The place was practically empty. As seems to happen in places like PSC you can't really be sure what to do when you walk in because there's no hostess and it's laid out like a restaurant. We had to ask the bartender what to do. \"Sit wherever\", was the response. There are plenty of tables and a pretty long bar. Why are there numbers on the tables?Anyway, we took a seat and waited.\n\nOne of the bartenders wandered out from behind the bar and proceeded to take our order. Wow, these chairs feel like they're going to break into a thousand pieces underneath me. And talk about your sticky tables. Anyway, moving on. The menu is quite large for a bar that serves food and it doesn't really seem to follow any particular style or ethnicity. Mussels, pierogi, vegetarian curry, empanadas, pulled pork, coconut basmati rice. Calling this eclectic would be like calling Woody Allen Jewish.  \n\nBlackened Tilapia BLT - Not a bad sandwich. The herb focaccia bread was a nice touch albeit a tad thick and who doesn't love some bacon aioli? The fish was cooked well, tender and moist, and it does come with some heat so be warned.\n\nBeer-battered Onion Rings - One word, bland. They looked a hell of a lot better than they tasted. Why the hell don't places season their freakin' batter? Is there some fear of salt running rampant through Cleveland? Sure, they were big. They are about the size of donuts. But the batter ended up being a greasy, boring disappointment.\n\nTraditional Cole Slaw - As some of my regular readers may know, I am a Cole slaw snob. For me, it's mayo-based, it's gotta be sweet, cabbage and carrots only, that's it. PSC's slaw wasn't bad. It's swimming in mayo sauce and they've basically stuck to the playlist. It would have gone great on top of a pulled pork though.\n\nSweet Potato Fries - These were interesting. Tempura battered and fried sticks of orangy, complex carby goodness. They were crispy and hot but, again, no seasoning.\n\nHarissa Chicken Cobb Salad - This would make Elaine's big salad run away in terror. Massive and full of everything except chicken. Plenty of chopped romaine, bacon, cucumbers, bleu cheese, and the basil vinaigrette was killer. But where the hell was all the chicken? For a salad that costs almost $12 I expected there to be an entire chicken breast on the thing. I had to dig to find the few pieces of chicken they gave me. What I had was good, though. The harissa spice (more of a dry rub than a sauce) was tasty but the chicken was a bit dry and stringy.\n\nThe service we had was good. She was friendly, she brought us waters as soon as we sat down and she checked in a few times to see how things were going but wasn't intrusive. We were even asked about dessert. As far as servers go, we weren't disappointed.\n\nYeah, I know. Yet another popular local establishment that seems to have somehow eluded me. Maybe it's not them. Maybe I'm just getting lamer as I grow older. Maybe I'm destined to be that old guy scowling at the kids playing in the street, hoarding my collection of confiscated frisbees and footballs. I'm not writing off PSC after our visit. Perhaps they're worth another shot. Perhaps I'll get the burger next time. Perhaps, perhaps, perhaps.