These are the facts of what happened to me after a visit to the Blue Martini.  Am I saying that these guys are crooks?  No.  Maybe it was just a coincidence.  Draw your own conclusion.\n\nI left the Blue Martini and forgot to cash out at the bar.  The next day while Blue Martini had my card in there possession, over $3300 worth of fraudulent activity took place.  When all of the dust settled and the bank rejected some of the charges I had lost roughly $2200 out of my account.  Luckily the bank took care of everything for me.\n\nI contacted the general manager, John Martin, and he adamantly stood behind his staff and his procedures for absolute security of cards left at the BM.  Yet when I asked for my card at the hostess station the next day, after all of the fraudulent activity had already occurred, the girl just reached under the hostess desk and grabbed a huge binder of lost cards.  It was obviously left unsecured, unlocked and who knows if it had been left unattended.\n\nMr. Martin handled the situation fine and rebuilt some of the confidence I had lost in the place.  I inquired about having a party there for 20-30 people which would be in two weeks.  He said he'd have one of his team contact within two days.  Two days went by and no contact had been made.  After his failure to follow through, I secured another venue.  I contacted Martin a week after my initial inquiry about the party to ask why I hadn't heard back.  He told me he hired a new guys and then he became argumentative (but somewhat still professional) in his email, saying if I such an \"extreme sense of urgency\" I should've called.  I basically told him that I correspond via email so I have a record of how the situation goes.  \n\nIt's the last time I'll deal with this company.  I will spread the word every chance I get also.\n\nDid I ever say they stole money from me? No, nor did i ever accuse them of it.  I informed him of what took place and asked him to look into it.  Did I ever ask for any kind of compensation?  No, I never wanted anything from these people.  I have the email to share with anyone who would like to see them.  This is why I use email and not phone calls John...\n\nToo bad, this place is 5 minutes from my house.