Barbeque is a religion.  However you may worship -- sauce, rub, smoke, charcoal, Memphis, Carolina, Kansas City, Texas, pork, beef, or other denomination --  eventually you find a shrine, the holy of holies, where you may easily want to spend eternity.  Some of us find it relatively soon while others continue an endless quest for something more fulfilling.  I found mine in Driftwood, Texas at the Salt Lick about 10 years ago.  But I live in Cleveland now and a sojourn to the Lone Star State is not always possible.    Gratefully, I have received divine guidance from Michael Symon on his new Food Network show, 'Burgers, Brews and Que'  when he visited 'Oak and Embers Tavern' in Chesterland, Ohio, roughly 30 miles from Cleveland.   \nSymon's show introduced me to Marc and Gretchen Garofoli, whose concept tavern features some great que, brews, and a bourbon listing that is unparalleled for a smokehouse restaurant.  \nWe had to try the selections that Symon sampled - a smoked meatloaf, burnt brisket ends, and the pulled pork.  Very well on target.  The meatloaf was moist, and the smoke flavor heavenly.  It's topped with cheddar and onion straws.  I opted for their mac and cheese as the side.  Good and cheesy while not being goopy.  I still like mine a bit drier and broiled for a bit.  But it was better than anything else I have sampled in the region.  The meatloaf didn't appear to be drenched with barbeque sauce so I ordered a bit on the side.  Not sure it was there best batch.  Supposed to have a bourbon signature but I didn't get it.  The Carolina sauce, on the other hand, is mustard base and medium sweet.  It registered better with me.  \nMy dining companion opted for the pulled pork sandwich with smashed cheddar potatoes.  Again, a marvelous meat preparation that was juicy and flavorful.  The potatoes no so much.  Perhaps a sharper cheese would shine through.  Good but nothing exceptional.  There are a number of other side dishes on the menu so we will try some of the others on the next trip.  Have to mention the chow chow served with the sandwich which was the best I have ever tasted, chunky and more than just ground up pepper relish.\nI spoke with Marc for a few moments.  He was gracious, friendly, and informative - the sort of individual you can't help but cheer on when you learn his story.  I was especially impressed with his devotion to scratch cooking.  Everything is done by hand.  This was evident in the preparation.   He was receptive to my opinions and I assured him that him that his place might be a different church but we found the right pew.