British food? In Mesa? Doing successfully in one of the most cursed plaza's in Mesa history? Yes, yes and yes, apparently...\n\nI've always wanted to try a pasty...glad I was finally able to. On walking in, you realize the place is so British, that there's actually a bit of culture shock. The big long tables and benches may have you questioning whether or not you should sit down at one of these tables with an already seated party, and the answer is YES, you should! Thats how its done on the other side of the pond, and thats how its done at the Cornish Pasty Co.\n\nThey have a pretty good beer selection. My party of 3 split a large greek salad, and we could have used another one or two mouths to help us out. The dressing it comes with is a lemon pesto salad dressing, which was delicious. A word of caution, however: A little goes a long way. Its pretty thick, potent stuff. But it really does go well with the red onion, olives and feta in the salad.\n\nI ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala pasty, and later I was also able to try the Chicken Pesto pasty. Both were very very good, but I liked the Tikka Masala a little better. It seemed like it was a very popular choice there as well. I would say on both pasties, the side dressings left a little to be desired. The tikka masala comes with their version of raita, a traditional indian yogurt dressing, but their flavor (while not tasting bad) did seem kinda off for some reason. The pesto chicken came with marinara, and again it seemed a little off.\n\nThe clientele here is a pretty mixed bag. The servers are the tatt'd up, facial piercings type, which Im not sure exactly why that is, but I dont mind it. Im not judging anyone, but there seemed to be a lot of lesbians in the place too. I have not a clue why either would be the case, but It didnt bother me--just struck me as odd. The place at 5:30 was PACKED. You come any later and you WILL NOT get a seat.\n\nOne last thing that I would like to mention is that for the vegetarians out there, this place is extremely veg-friendly. Practically an entire page of their menu is dedicated to pasties with quorn fake meat products, which although I didnt try, Im sure would be fantastic.\n\nI will definitely be back soon, though maybe next time Ill try lunch and see if its maybe a little less crowded.