I had heard so much about this place that I wanted to give it a try. I arrived shortly after 9 midweek and there was plenty of tables both front and in the back. The front decor is very trendy. The back is just your usual style with booths but air covered.\n\nI saw a sign by the entrance indicating that they use the no wait app but for me that wasn't an issue. I was given multiple menus to look over including mimosas, drinks, and of course their breakfast menu. I was in the mood for an omelette and after asking about certain toppings which I didn't understand I learned their omelettes are made with 9 yes 9 eggs! I thought 5 was too much when I was in Chicago. I asked if they could be made with egg whites. I was told yes but for $1.50 more. Please note that their prices have increased slightly if you check out their website and they have noted outside a brand new menu.\n\nTo me it looked like much of the same stuff. I decided to steer clear of the French toast and pancakes and settled for one of the eggs Benedict. Here I learned they are made with two poached eggs that sit on top of an English muffin. I ordered the various mushroom type which come with potatoes. My coffee seemed lukewarm but the lady obliged by giving me another cup. The place has an extensive beverage selection on the chalkboard including hot chocolate. Juices are also available.\n\nThere weren't very many people inside and I was surprised how long it took to get my breakfast! Must have been a good 15-20 minutes. I chalked that one up to them having to make an omelet with 9 eggs. I would have liked to have seen that omelet but didn't. All I know from what she told me it is huge!!!\n\nAnyway I finally got my food. The potatoes were good but seemed a bit dry. The mushroom eggs Benedict I thoroughly enjoyed. They have one gender neutral restroom in the front section. \n\nMy waitress was busy but attentive to my needs. I got the check and I'm glad I ordered what I did because this place can be pricey. The place is small so I can see very well how easily it gets crowded for brunch. This place also serves lunch but they close early usually around 3.\n\nIt is located in lower Lawrenceville not far from Expresso a mano. You can park on one of the off streets for free if you are lucky. If you want a good and hearty breakfast meal for a descent price there are plenty of other options around the city. If you have time to kill and want to spend extra money for average food then you've come to the right place.