Having been to Revive Spa once before, I was excited to treat my pregnant friend that came to visit to a spa day... We were really looking forward to spending a few hours being pampered, perhaps working out a bit, sitting by the pool, etc... and we did all that - it just didn't WOW me as much as I thought it would for the price I paid.\n\nFirst of all, I was very clear when I made the appointments that my friend was pregnant and so I requested a prenatal massage for her.  I requested a deep tissue massage for myself.  I was pleased that they called the day before to confirm our appointments.  We checked in about an hour before our scheduled massages and the lady looked at us both and asked \"so, you both have prenatal massages, correct?\"\n\nWHAT?  NO!  I looked down at my belly and said - nope - she has a prenatal massage and I requested a deep tissue massage.  Not a huge deal and probably not the girl's fault, but that is not a mistake to make to someone who is weight-conscious and far from prego!\n\nNo big deal... we're here to enjoy and relax.  Deep breath, Gabi... :)\n\nSo we are given a tour of the facility (which is beautiful, peaceful, tranquil, etc...) and we decide we have time for a walk before our massages.  So, we go outside and make our way around the hotel a bit.  There is a bunch of construction, so we turn around and go through the hotel and try to go to the back pool area to check it out.  Nope... the pool attendant says that spa guests cannot enter that pool area (not even for a walk) - you must be a hotel guest to enter.  OK then, we turn around and head back to the spa.\n\nWith about a 1\/2 hour before we need to be ready for our massages, we decide to get in a quick workout in the fitness center.  It is clean, spacious for a hotel facility, and has all the equipment you need.  This was a positive, as was the actual spa pool and jacuzzi, sauna, etc...\n\nOnce we are in our robes and slippers, we head upstairs for our treatments - the waiting room is very well-done with comfy couches, chairs, blankets, plenty of magazines, relaxing music, and lots of treats (fruit, tea, water, trail mix, etc.)\n\nThe services didn't blow either of us away and for what we paid, we each could've gotten 4 massages each at Massage Envy instead.  But, again, it was about the day as a whole and the spa experience.  \n\nSo, we enjoyed a lovely lunch from the Spa Bistro and sat out by the pool in the afternoon.  Not such a bad day after all - I just really wanted a 5 star experience for what we paid, and I can't give more than 4.  However, it is hit or miss, so I encourage you to check it out yourself.  As for me, I'll happily return if someone else is paying.  Any takers?