I've been to other locations and this was my first visit to this location. I walked in the door and some old Phyllis Diller doppleganger behind me screeched, \"Thanks for nothing!\" I exclaimed, \"Pardon me your highness, what have I done to offend thee?\" She screeched back, \"Didn't you see me when you opened the door?\"  Well obviously not or I would have held it open but she was a typical east coast parasite who thinks the world revolves around her. She had the stench of a crazy cat lady and the demeanor of a freshly released mental patient and her scent of Windsong and Vicks Vapor Rub stayed on my mind. She regaled the nonplussed nursing staff about her near death experience of seeing angels and her various health ailments and surgeries like your garden variety septuagenarian  then commenced her job of bitching about the government. This was just a tad too close to Mommie Dearest for yours truly so I had to ease on down to the other end of the waiting room to regain my composure. \n\nBizarro World Phyllis Diller and I were the only ones there so to me the wait was excessive for the less than 2 minutes the doctor spent talking to me. Dr. Lee stopped listening about 30 seconds into my describing my ailments and said we need your money then sent in a woman to collect my money despite the fact that I was going to pay AFTER the visit as is customary in most first world countries. She kept my card over half an hour which left me wondering how long it would take me to fix my credit after her online spending spree. Taking a credit or debit card out of my sight in Vegas is totally unacceptable and they know it. \n\nStaff was apathetic at best and the doctor didn't even attempt any critical thinking. Good thing I already knew what was wrong with me. The doctor forgot to give me a work excuse and I checked my paperwork in the car before leaving then called to tell them they forgot it  and I was sending my teenager in to retrieve it.  The nurse argued with me about whether I had asked for a work excuse and as my miniature adult was standing before her in all his glory, she bitched about me not coming back to get it myself. I polite explained that I would snap if having to go back in myself as I am in extreme pain from bronchitis and a chipped tooth. \n\nShe had me describe my child then grilled him about my identity as I listened and she spit out some of her first language expletives which I understand and hung up on me. Typical Vegas BS. \n\nI only go there to avoid going to the hospital in an emergency. This is my least favorite of the clinics I've been to in town. I knew it was a bad sign when I had to spell out the medications I'm allergic to for the nurse and she still got them wrong. The receptionist told me health care in Vegas is the worst and a scam. She told me she had 2 dental plans and still got a bill for $150 from her dentist.