If I could give this place a negative star, I would!  (one star for the nice young girl bartender-wish I'd gotten her name!).  We had a group of 12 that came in for Superbowl.  We were all from out of town for the Super Bowl (California and Washington) and could not get into a bar at West Gate so decided to give this place a try (some of the employees were handing out info for the bar up at West Gate and said it wasn't crowded like the ones we were trying to get into).  We spent the whole game at Toby Keith's, eating (food is just o.k. and we never had a waitress wait on us-had to order everything up at the bar), drinking, and watching the game.  After the game we decided to stay a bit since most of us love country music and the band seemed pretty good.  My 23 year old daughter and a friend were dancing and just enjoying the music and having a good time, when two bouncers walked up to her and told her they needed to see her outside.  Well, obviously after reading other reviews regarding the same issue, they told her they had had a \"complaint\" from a customer that she was drunk and out of hand and that she would not be allowed to come back in. . . not even to get all her belongings!!!  My daughter was not drunk.  Yes, she had had some drinks (2 beers and 2 shots in 7 hours!), but she was not out of control, drunk, or disorderly.  She was not stumbling, falling or being obnoxious.  She was having fun and dancing and that is all.  The bouncers were rude and bullies. One of them actually grabbed the neck of my daughter's friend while we were all standing outside \"discussing\" this.  The manager was just as bad standing up for these thugs he calls bouncers and not listening to what any of us had to say.  These people are ruining this business.  My family has been in the restaurant business for years, and I know that treating customers is a top priority or your business fails.  This place, this manager and these so called moron bouncers need to take a good hard look at what they are doing.  I even called the next morning to get the manager's name and the young girl on the phone would not give it to me.  Said she didn't know his name!  Really, and you work there?  I will be emailing corporate and giving them a call to discuss the treatment we received at this place.  I have never seen any place ever treat customers the way this place does.  I would advise anyone thinking of going there to think twice.