Yonaka tends to be forgotten when it comes to recommending and enjoying the gems of Las Vegas, and I'm guilty of this because I didn't feel any great conviction from just the one visit under my belt. After finally making visit #2, I'll certainly be more vocal.\n\nI'd just left a show at the Palms when I decided that I was actually hungry in spite of a light dinner beforehand. Since happy hour at Yonaka Modern Japanese was about to begin (10:30pm-midnight on most nights, 11pm-2am Fri\/Sat, also 5:00-6:30pm daily), and I was right down the street, what better opportunity would I have than this night?\n\nI was seated after a short wait. with almost the entire length of the bar available for my choosing. I sat down, perused the happy hour menu while fending off drink inquiries - tap water, since apparently \"water\" is ambiguous (or they really wanna upsell bottled water) - and finally picked out a reasonable amount of orders. The food items varied somewhat from my first visit, but all of them were $7 or less (except for the cold dish Hamachi Midori for $8). Fell free to look for my menu photo since I never bother with drinks anyway.\n\nI first enjoyed a complimentary appetizer that they had already brought out. It was composed of two juicy chunks of watermelon. They were sweet. I don't know what else to say.\n\nNext came the sake kale ($7 happy hour), a dish that I would compare favorably to their specialty sake orenji. There are smaller chunks of salmon aplenty in this dish, and the kale is served both fresh and fried, the former readily soaking up the lemon herb oil and the latter tasting very much like a potato chip (including oil). I also enjoyed, both in combination and alone, the large chunks of Asian pear and the smaller halves of grape tomato. Lastly, the candied quinoa provided a fun crunch atop the salmon and pear chunks. I hope that this dish will still be around during my next visit.\n\nThe avocado nigiri ($1 HH) arrived shortly after the sake kale. It was as tasty as before, with three slices of avocado bound to sushi rice via a small nori ring. No need for soy sauce since it's already sauced by the chef. It was as good as I'd remembered, and I'm glad that it seems to be a mainstay of happy hour.\n\nThe negitoro roll ($7 HH) came afterward. My taste buds found nothing wrong with the delicious bluefin tuna belly, sushi rice, and nori. A quick dip in soy sauce on one end was serendipitously perfect for each piece.\n\nThe spicy tuna hand roll ($5 HH) arrived at about the same time. Although this was my good friend's specific recommendation, it was incompatible with my enjoyment of the meal. The spicy flavor isn't overpowering even for me, but it kept lingering even with ginger and water treatment. Fortunately, I was able to clean it up enough with the remainder of the negitoro. I do think that this is a pretty flavorful dish, but it doesn't highlight the quality fish of this establishment and it interferes with the palate too much.\n\nLastly, the buko jam ($7 HH) reached my section of the bar. This is an impressively sized and very shareable sandwich that's been cut into fours. I wasn't too hungry at that point, but a few bites made me quite situated. The \"buko\" is actually pandan coconut, and it certainly represents the dish well as the namesake. Aside from the sweet toast, I found the pandan jam to be the most prominent flavor, but I did taste the distinct flavor of the foie gras butter as well as the toyomansi (pretty much a soy sauce with citrus flavor) and a bit of the togarashi.\n\nAlthough the buko jam was the most interesting dish conceptually, and it didn't lack in its stated flavors, I also had the most quibbles with it. The poached egg did have a nice runny yolk, but it seemed out of place in the toyomansi sauce bowl. If this is a shared dish, do I really need to use that large spoon to get the egg and sauce into my sandwich? Speaking of the sandwich, the toast could easily lose a third to a half of its thickness if they're not going to provide that much buko jam or foie gras butter. Plus, those two spreads weren't spread evenly enough, so they leaked out of the cut ends of the sandwich quarters.\n\nThe buko jam was, fortuitously, a perfectly sufficient dessert-like ending. However, they also gave me a complimentary, tiny yuzu shortbread cookie at meal's end. It was a bit on the subtle side, but the yuzu was present and the only possible complaint about the cookie was its small size.\n\n(Quick note: I didn't experience any of the service issues that Bobby Y. was subjected to, although I will profess that I didn't visit the restroom.)\n\nAll in all, Yonaka continues to shine in both traditional sushi and in more innovative dishes. It should not be forgotten, even though it seems that many Yelpers have moved on to newer and shinier restaurants. I found this revisit to be worthwhile, and I hope to return quickly to try some of the passed-on finger food options and to explore the regular-menu and daily-special sushi.