Shout out to my Yelp friend Michael K for doing a last second UYE for this place.\n\nWith that said, I have never been here. The Korean restaurants im used to are the cook it yourself all you can eat table top grill kinds. So I was curious as to how this place works.\n\nFrom looking at the menu it looks simple enough. Everything has a number and is in Korean and English. Since I didn't really want to be that adventurous, I chose the #1 Beef Brisket Soup. It's your basic soup with Beef Brisket and Noodles. \n\nNow this is where I learned something new. You season the soup yourself meaning they don't put any spices whatsoever in it. On every table there are containers of salt with a mini spoon. For those that are looking for a low to no sodium meal, this is your soup to get! What I ended up doing was grabbing the meat from my soup and eating it with the steamed rice they give you. I would also mix in a little bit of the hot sauce and curry sauce that was provided as well as mild green peppers. \n\nWhat actually stole the show was the Kimchi. I have had it before but when I had some of theirs, it tasted really fresh. What I find out was that they make it themselves from scratch. That explains why it was so good. Definitely not from a jar you would be able to buy at Seafood City or Ranch Market.\n\nService was good. We had a sweet old lady that looked like she would not be able to understand us or speak English well. I was pleasantly surprised when she spoke perfectly good English to us. She was very helpful in answering any questions we threw at her.\n\nAs for the place and overall location, I gotta admit, I drive by this place all the time and never really noticed it. Shame on me. But then again, it is in a weird part of the east side of Sahara when most of the food places are on the west side. When you go inside, there are plenty of tables and chairs I would say for about 20 people.\n\nSo next time, based on the pics, the Spicy Pork and Spicy Chicken looks really promising.