I've never had a better Kouign Amann than the version here. It had all the basics done perfectly: buttery, precisely flaky, and crunchy. But, what separated it from all mortal versions of the pastry was the interior: I felt as if I were eating candy floss (brioche, I know) without the extra sweetness one associates with that treat. Textbook perfect... and, more!\n\nPatrice Patissier is located somewhat far from the popular tourist spots in Montreal, but should be destination dining for anyone who has a sweet tooth - in my case 30 of them ;) They serve lunch during weekdays and brunch on the weekend as well, but the reason to visit should be to try the meticulously crafted pastries from the (former) star pastry chef of the restaurant 400 blows (Les 400 Coups, coincidentally one of my favorite movies of all time), Patrice Demers. The decor of the restaurant\/Patisserie stands out from the predominant design and colors for cupcake\/dessert shops with its modern almost Scandinavian look accenting polished wood furniture.\n\nIt's clear from the pastry selection that he's got a keen sense of textural combinations and interplay of flavors. More than that, he has the vision to reinterpret traditional desserts with modern flair. One such example is the Foret Noire (Black Forest Cake). It's presented as a thin rectangle with a very fudge like base, is layered with cherry gelée and topped with whipped cream and cherry slices. Glorious. Elevating both fudge and Black Forest cake. And, uncommon for Black Forest Cake, extremely light.\n\nObviously, I wasn't just going to eat one dessert. And, with a dessert so airy, that didn't need to be the case. Next, I tried the Pot Citron, which was perfectly, not excessively, tart paired with some fresh cream and texturally enhanced by the accompanying crumble.\n\nObviously, I'd intended to take the Kouign Amann to go, but given how light the two desserts had been easily finished it off inside the Patisserie. The experienced and knowledgeable server chuckled when I went back for advice on my to-go item. She pointed to the sablé cookie, another inspired guidance. The sablé cookie features thick and creamy chocolate ganache sandwiched between crisp and sandy cookies, and reflects pure chocolate magic. Yet another exceptionally executed and lbaked good.\n\nSo, go ahead and indulge: you can likely burn the calories in a long walk to the Notre-Dame Basilica. If not, be sure that you couldn't do better in terms of the critical quality\/calorie ratio.