After recently giving into some childhood desires and visiting the National Aquarium in Baltimore, I decided to give Ripley's Aquarium of Canada a try too. It seemed like the most desirable thing to do in the area, besides hit up the Steam Whistle Brewery or go to a Blue Jays game. Given that it was a Sunday, however, we decided to go with the non-drinking route, and both of us preferred baseball on a warm spring or summer day. Ideally, I like watching baseball in the fall, but it seems like the Phillies won't be anywhere near that anytime soon. Sadness. Anyways, we purchased our tickets online ahead of time, so we went right through the initial line and walked into the exhibits. Pro-tip: Don't go too near the end of a Blue Jays game, because you will be stuck in some sort of crowd, whether it consists of people or cars. We made that mistake, and were relegated to walking through the massive crowds during opening weekend.\n\nFirst and foremost, the conveyor tube shark exhibit was pretty impressive. It's a little misleading, as there are far more sea creatures than just sharks, but I guess the sharks are the main attraction. It's a pretty good view, as if you're swimming amongst all the fish, and you can really have an in-depth close look at all the sharks. The jellyfish exhibit at the end was pretty impressive as well, especially with the pretty slick lighting, to make it seem like the jellyfish change colors. They definitely amp up the flashiness here, something I thought was a little lacking at the National Aquarium.\n\nMy only qualm is just the value. For $25, the whole of the aquarium tour was a little short. We took our sweet time in going through the exhibits, taking lots of pictures and videos,and yet it only took us about 45 minutes to go through the entire aquarium. Perhaps the exhibits are geared more towards children, but I could see at least 2 movies at the theater with the money I spent here. Oh, and where the comb jellies at? In all, the variety is definitely there, but I guess it wasn't quite enough to keep us engaged for more than an hour. Quite a shame.\n\nThe aquarium seems like great place to take your kids, provided you can keep track of them in the tubes and dark, haunted areas, amongst the other screaming, hyper children. Woof. Never mind, don't take your kids here. I kid, I kid. Even as an adult, I still enjoyed what short time we had in the aquarium, but I'd do my best to scour the internet for discounts, if possible. Not quite worth the $25, but if you've never gone, you should try it once.