I haven't been in a \"Super JoAnn's\" Store since I was in Ariz either last summer or a year and a half ago.  I was in here for a couple of hours and spent more than I should have.  Part of that is because I got charged twice for a storage bin I bought (lavender of course), which was supposed to be on sale for half off, but since they charged me twice for it I ended up paying full price (I wouldn't have bought it for $16).  Now I have to go back and hope they give me a refund.\n(4\/09)\n\n(11\/9\/13) Here it is 2013 I'm still coming to this Joanns because it's the closest one to where I stay when I visit town.  Now, I like the store fine, but there have been ongoing problems either with the clerks or the computers and cash registers. Several times I've had to go back in or call for a manager or second clerk to correct the receipt where I was charged twice for something or I bought a remnant that was on sale and I didn't get the correct price.  For instance, I was charged $3.80 for one that should have come up $1.80 because the worker didn't know what code number to punch in. \n\nI got charged twice for a set of paint brushes once. I bought one set for $7.99 and got 40 percent off with my coupon, but then the clerk accidentally charged me for the same set later on the same receipt at full price.  He must've forgotten to put it in the bag and thought he hadn't charged me yet. I think there might have been 3 times in a row 3 different visits where I gave them a Joanns coupon and Michaels coupon and didn't realize till I got home that I got the Joanns coupon off but not the Michaels coupon . It just seems like the problems are ongoing. \n\nOn the other hand the workers have mostly been very nice and very helpful, I'm pretty happy with the products that they sell, and I like the fact that you can use more than one coupon in a day as long as the coupons are different. For instance, you can use one coupon from a different store (but not more than one) and then you could use two or three different Joanns coupons, one from a flyer one from the newspaper, one from your Joanns app on your phone et cetera. But then again what good are the discounts if they overcharge you or charge you double for things? \n\n My best advice is to take a minute and check your receipt before you leave the store or as soon as you get outside and pray that there's not a long line if there's a mistake. Invariably when I forge to check my receipt, that's when I find the mistake later.\n\nThis store does offer a few classes but they are not cheap and they have way fewer than they did years ago.  \n\nThe parking is plentiful with a huge lot.  I rarely have to walk far.