This is my second visit and i have to say that the food did not impress me the first time and I'm hoping that it would impress me the second time.\n\nI started off my taking one star off for the crappy service. Ok sure i was kind of greeted right away, by a surly guy asking me if i was dining in. When i said yes, just me. He asked how many.   I used my hand and held up my index finger and said just one...me... Then he proceeded to lead me to a table and dropped off the menu and asked if i wanted anything to drink. I said water for right now and he looked so annoyed that i didn't have my drink order ready to go. He didn't bother asking if i had any questions on the menu just stalked off... When he dropped off the water, i asked him if he had coffee, he said yes and since I'm diabetic, i had to make sure that it would be just black coffee, i confirmed that info with him and yup you guessed it, he looked freaking annoyed that i was confirming that it would be just black coffee. Started my meal off with a very bad taste in my mouth. If the place had been crazy busy i would almost... And yes i said almost... Understand his surliness, but when you are in the food industry it doesn't matter what kind of day that you had or are having, you paste on a fake smile and smile to you guests. Maybe I'm overly critical as i am in the industry and i have days where i felt like crap but you know what? My guests never knew that i was having a crappy day.  He did improve towards the end of the meal... He was not exactly friendly but he did touch my table a couple of times to refill my coffee and to ask if i liked my food. Service(2\/5)\n\nNow onto the food.\n\nAfter reading all the reviews, i was excited to try them again ...i thought that maybe i had gotten them on a bad day last time. So totally not. I was not impressed. The chicken katsu was just average. Nothing special about it. The furikake shrimp was very crispy and had a great texture but flavor was just decent. Nothing to write home about. I had to dip it into the the sweet chili sauce to get any better flavor. The fried rice that was $2 up charge was just too salty. And if i had a better \"relationship\" with the server i might have mentioned it but since he was the king of surly...i didn't say anything. The macaroni salad was just that. Nothing special about that either. :\/ Food (2.75\/5)\n\nSo overall, i won't be rushing back. I might stop by to give then a third try.. maybe third times the charm who knows? Being a little generous...i rounded it up to a 3 star. \n\nAnd the kicker, i did want to order cake but he didn't ask and after the attitude and surliness...it was too much effort on my part to ask for the guava cake.