I've been eager to try this spot since they opened at the hotel. Food looks good, local craft beer and a beautiful remodel- what more could I ask for within walking distance? \n\nWell, I can't imagine going back. The problems started when my waiter, a nice young guy, brought me the menu. See, something was very wrong with what could be an amazing local draft list on happy hour. I saw that the Brown had the same description as the White Ale, and that the Kolsch was named incorrectly (Gold Road, not Old Road), the KiltLifter description had a typo and the Sonoran White Chocolate was described as a fruity hop bomb. \n\nI called my waiter over to let him know that these menus were all screwed up and that folks wouldn't be getting the beers they hoped for- his response? \"Oh, hmm, I've never read the menu. I can just kinda describe them to you\". Problem is, I'm passionate about our local AZ beer scene, I know the beers well and some of the folks that work hard to get them on the menu at a new hip restaurant that caters to tourists- so I'm appalled that he couldn't care less. I requested he talk to his manager since this should be corrected ASAP, and he said \"ok\". So, that was that. I stuck with water since I'm still confused what they actually have on tap. \n\nOur food was cheap- but really not impressed. The kitchen didn't put any dressing on my salad or on the side, so that was odd. Then my mom's nachos- which come with beans- had a ton of olives but no beans to be found. I mentioned this to our nonchalant waiter, who told her \"There are beans, I see them...here.\" And he pointed within inches of her plate- counting out 4 beans. Then he offered to get some more. Right. So that's how  that went. Paid out bill and luckily it was very cheap (with our waters) because the experience wasn't great. He was nice enough, just clueless- and he wasn't even close to the worst part. \n\nI told my mom that I really hope they fix the menu since I'd looked forward to coming here often in the fall for football and craft beer. She suggested I tell someone else- so at the front I mention to who I thought was the hostess- that the menu wasn't correct - She interrupted me to let me know she already heard. I continued that I was so excited to see a hotel restaurant in my neighborhood feature our local beer and I just wanted them to get it right for the visitors- she said \"yea, have a good night\" and walked away. I can't remember the last time an employee was so blatantly rude. She didn't apologize, thank me for letting them know, assure me that management woukd address it- no, she walked away. \n\nNow, I planned to go back- I planned to give them a few more shots. But to have both employees blow me off about a completely wrong menu? Unacceptable. The food wasn't nearly good enough to put up with that.