I went back to another business that has seemingly been forgotten by Yelpers, including yours truly. It should not remain overlooked.\n\nI was in the mood for something comforting today. With plenty of fried goodness, the menu at Tonkatsu Kiyoshi is pretty much Japanese comfort food. It's also not too far from some of my favorite sweets spots on Rainbow Blvd, which is always a good thing.\n\nThe first thing you do after ordering is load up your sauce bowl with sesame seeds from one of the hexagonal containers at the table, grab your pestle, and start grinding away. When you're satisfied with the amount of sesame powder, ladle katsu sauce from the other table and stir (probably with chopsticks). Eat this mixture with your katsu, or just nibble on it while waiting for whatever else you've ordered.\n\nTakoyaki ($5): best rendition I've had yet. These morsels are served hot but not scalding hot, and they has that crispy exterior, soft interior, and chewy yet tender octopus. The bonito flakes and the creamy and sweet sauces complete the delicious flavor profile.\n\nAgedashi Tofu ($4): my friend's pick from the several side dishes. Nice soft tofu and miso broth, but the skin is overly chewy. Note that it's not straightforward to share this dish because it's one big cube of tofu.\n\nHire Katsu ($13): a nice portion of breaded, fried pork tenderloin, served with miso soup, rice, thinly shredded cabbage with what seemed like a ponzu sauce, a dab of wasabi, and some pickled pearl onions. The katsu itself is a bit bland, but it's obviously meant to be eaten with the sauce and sides and contributes all the meatiness and crunch that you could want in that comprehensive mouthful. The cabbage was refreshing and the ponzu was so useful. I missed that in my first visit because the donburi lacks it entirely. It's a great entree for a big lunch or as part of dinner.\n\nMy friend is already planning to go back to Tonkatsu Kiyoshi tomorrow, and I'm sure I'll be around significantly more often. It's an excellent katsu restaurant and is worth the drive even without its proximity to some of my other frequent stops.