My brother and  I had spent a few hours hanging out on The Las Vegas Strip when we decided to have dinner. I like trying new places and decided to try Bobby's Burger Palace. I was impressed with Shake Shack and figured that Bobby's Burger Palace was worth trying. \n\n  Bobby's Burger Palace is in the modern day Kingdom called City Center. It sits at the Corner of Las Vegas Boulevard and Aria Drive in the shadow of the Mandarin Oriental Hotel. \n\n  On the Saturday evening that we visited Bobby's Burger Palace was not too busy. We walked right to the counter where you order in the left side of the building. I decided on the beef Philadelphia burger ($9.50), onion rings ($4), and fountain Coke beverage ($2). After paying, the nice lady at the counter handed us a number that we'd place on the table. \n\n  Bobby's Burger Palace is a relatively large restaurant with counter and Dutch style seating (large tables). The south facing views overlook the open kitchen where you get to see the action going on in the kitchen. The east facing views overlook the Las Vegas Strip with the Hawaiian Market Place. The close-up views overlook a burger and onion rings that I will talk about. \n\nBeef Philadelphia burger: 3 stars\n\n    I expected a burger that brought my taste buds to the similar sensation of a Philadelphia cheesesteak. The major ingredients were beef, onions, provolone cheese, and hot peppers. It is my understanding that there is a celebrity Chef named Bobby Flay that is the architect of the burgers here. My taste buds are indifferent to celebrity chefs. Regardless that the burger was made from quality ingredients, in my opinion it was good and not great. There just wasn't much flavor to it. The hot pepper was the overwhelming taste of the burger. From my experience eating on this part of the Strip, I have had tastier burgers at Nathan's in NY-NY, Outback's, and Shake Shack. \n\nOnion rings: 3 stars \n\n   The onion rings were giant size. Looking at them was impressive. Eating them was a different story. Because they were so big, it was annoying eating it. I'd bite the onion part causing the batter to separate. I've had better onion rings. \n\nConclusion: 3 stars\n\n  Bobby's Burger Palace, in my opinion is good yet nothing spectacular. When I pay nearly $20 for a burger, fries, and Coke I prefer a meal that is spectacular.