If you haven't tried these guys yet then go Fuku yourself! Literally! Come find out what everybody has been raving about! Their food is so good that their reputation has reached all the way to LA with an actual sit down restaurant! So if you are in the Hollywood area, make Fuku a part of your lunch\/dinner plans. Your hungry stomach will thank you!\n\nAs for the actual Fukuburger Truck, I originally gave these guys 4 stars because I'm very picky with who I give 5 stars to and it is very rare. The fact that it's a roadside truck and not a sit down restaurant, was major to me. BUT since I have been eating at their different locations regularly, I have grown to know the owners, Colin and Mags. You will not meet any nicer owners anywhere. Since these guys are customer friendly and they try to cater to everybody's requests, they have earned that 5th star! I appreciate the fact that they actually get back to you when you contact them. \n\nNow for the food. Doesn't matter if you're a first timer or not, everything on their menu is fantastic. Their beef Fuku patty is so juicy and perfectly seasoned that you will probably use it as the measuring stick to any burger you eat from that point on. What makes them unique is the different ingredients they put in their menu that you just can't find in other burger joints. Oh, and I can't forget to mention their different specials every night. Always something new and tasty. Special props goes out to Colin and Mags for actually naming their special the other night with my name! Awesome! Tell me how many other places would do that for you? Thanks again guys! Whatever you decide, you gotta get jazz fries with it. Trust me on this.\n\nPrices are reasonable compared to those other gourmet places. They take cash and cards. Remember, it's not easy to operate a food truck and they work hard so you can have a freshly cooked burger, so don't hesitate to show them your appreciation. Whether it's by tipping or giving them a great review, it's up to you.\n\nIn conclusion, you will not find a better burger truck anywhere. Go to their website www.fukuburger.com for more info in regards to their shedule and contact info. Make these guys your regular stop and they will have you saying \"TIP JELLY!\"