From the street, my husband and I thought Zoe's Kitchen would be like Panera - that is, we thought it would serve fast, flavorful, and good-quality lunch fare. None of these adjectives turned out to be an accurate descriptor. In fact, the food at Zoe's kitchen took 30 minutes to come out and was disgustingly bland and in a few cases, quite gross. \n\nWe stopped in for lunch last week. The place was packed, but the line to order moved quickly, so we incorrectly assumed that we would also get our food quickly. More on that in a second. In terms of the menu, we were shocked at how uninteresting the menu options seemed. Even though the menu was decently sized and we are open to lots of different types of food and flavors, we found ourselves completely unable to choose and not drawn to any individual option. \n\nEven though I'm not a vegetarian, I prefer lunch sandwiches with no meat, so I was also quite irritated that the only vegetarian sandwiches were the grilled cheese and grilled feta. This is 2008, and the non-meat options at a lunch spot should be more imaginative than cheese slapped on some bread. In the end, I still ended up ordering the grilled cheese (nothing else sounded good!) and my husband selected the Greek Chicken Marinara. \n\nWe sat down at the table, displayed our number card, and just waited. And waited. And waited. After literally waiting for 25 minutes, I checked in with the assistant manager who was manning the pick-up counter. She went into the kitchen, checked on our order, and said it would be just a \"few more minutes.\" She even had a server bring us two slices of chocolate cake as some sort of  token of their sympathy, but it was super-dry and totally gross. Thanks, but no thanks. I'm just glad we didn't pay $2 for each slice!\n\nIt wasn't until 10 minutes later when I lost my patience and told the same server that we wanted our food immediately that we finally received it. We have a higher-than-average awareness of the difficulties of working in food service, but we found it un-acceptable that a non-full-service restaurant would take 35+ minutes to bring us two sandwiches. If they can't handle the catering, to-go, and eat-in order volume, they should hire more staff members. \n\nAs if the slow service wasn't painful enough, my grilled cheese was completed charred (literally burned and black). After one bit of the accompanying slaw, which was soaked in mayonnaise and soggy, I  immediately walked back to the assistant manager, handed her the plate, and asked her to refund me for my plate. To her credit, she complied, but the wait had already been so egregious that I wasn't about to just write the long wait and gross food off and decide to return. \n\nMy husband's Greek Marinara was not as terrible but was still bland and completely un-memorable. The bread was a plain roll, the chicken breast strips were formed and tasted totally processed, and the \"Greek\" marinara tasted like Prego. The only tasty part of his meal was the side of bagged chips!\n\nI guarantee you that we won't be back to Zoe's Kitchen. We are huge fans of fast, casual, and fresh lunch food, but we found the food at Zoe's to be anything but.