Not my kind of place. \n\nCame here for Sunday brunch to celebrate my father in law's 65th birthday.  Apropos, as almost everyone there was 65+.\n\nThe place itself is quaint, reminiscent of an olden-timey inn which would be perfect for romantic wedding photos.  I think that's what most people come here for anyway - there's a Wedding Garden, rustic bricks and doors and all around charming style.\n\nI guess it's the antique style ambiance that you pay for, because the food isn't the greatest.  Set as two buffet stations in the main area\/pagoda-type spot, these stations are actually mirror images of a single buffet.  Meaning that basically, you're offered one station of hot foods and one salad bar with cold foods - these service tables are doubled within the same spot, but they're also serving the same food items. Why not more variety? \n\nThe roast beef, when brought out straight from the oven, is served medium-rare at one end and well-done on the other.  Knowing this golden tidbit of info, the regulars rush to the table when a new slab of beef is served, so your only chance of getting one of those coveted slices is to eye the salad table, pretending to be highly interested in the pickled herring with sour cream (actually, not bad) and then swarming in like beef is your commission at first opportunity.\n\nOther offerings of the day: your usual cheeseboard (with single-cream Brie, ew, anything less than double cream is sacrilege), a deli platter, a pale arugula with blue cheese and strawberry salad, lettuce with olives and stuff on the side for a DIY garden salad, a wheatberry with cranberries mix, smoked salmon, mussels (quite good, large and plump, maybe they're the Salt Spring sort?) with bits of \"Asian sauce\" (please do not ask me what that is, I have a sinking feeling that Urban Dictionary will not give me the answer I want to know), little baby shrimps in a sort of salad, some tiny, shell-on shrimp beside a large bowl of cocktail sauce, and some bread plus rather dry pastries.\n\nOn the hot items end, aside from the roast beef with gravy, resides a roast pork (skipped by most diners as it looked like a clump of fat), roast lamb, Boursin cheese mashed potatoes, bacon, scrambled eggs, waffles, blintzes, and umm...umm... I guess nothing very memorable.\n\nTea & coffee are included in the $35 per diner price.  To be fair, I overheard an elderly lady loudly state \"The food is NO GOOD today, I tell you. I have nothing good to say about the food AT ALL.\"  Heh heh. \n\nService was nice and friendly.  The gentleman serving the beef was jovial and eager to dole out slices cut to order.  The waitstaff clearing plates and offering drinks were clearly and understandably tired on the busy long weekend Sunday, but always remained positive and helpful.  \n\nI'm just not feelin the food.