I have only visited this practice as an OB patient and am currently 34 weeks pregnant.  This is my first child, so I am new to this whole thing.  While everyone at the office is very nice, especially the nurses and desk staff, there are some things that bother me about the office. \n\nPros:  I chose this location because it is close to my home and they deliver at Pineville.  These were things that were non-negotiable for me.  They are always quick to check you in and I rarely have to wait to see a doctor or midwife once I am taken back.  I had some scares early in my pregnancy and they were always quick to get me in and check on baby.  They made me feel comfortable and reassured me that things were probably fine, that the issues I was having were not uncommon. They were right and baby was always fine.  The ultrasound techs are phenomenal, I have had 3 so far and they are really good at what they do!\n\nCons:  I really only have one complaint and it is about one of the midwives.  Let me preference this by saying that I am not a tiny girl, but I am also not shopping in the 'womens' section for clothing.  With that said, the first time they were listening for the baby's heartbeat externally they were having some issues finding it.  They told me how small the baby was and that it may take a few minutes to find.  The first one to look for it was an intern, when she was having no luck, so midwife took over.  She too was having some issues and said, \"Well, part of it is due to your size...\"  Really?!  A few moments later she found the heartbeat, but I was mortified.  When she left the room I looked at my husband and asked, \"Did she just call me fat?\"  He said he thought so.  I probably should have changed practices then, or at least insisted that I no longer have appointments with her, but I have stayed, because they really were very good to me in the beginning and I have really liked all of the Doctors I have seen.  Other than that I would recommend that they give first time mother's a little more counseling.  Let you know what you may experience before your next visit.  They don't do that unless you ask, I don't think you should have to ask.\n\nSo, take what you will from my experience.  It wasn't bad enough to make me leave, but I may look around before baby number 2 comes along.