I like it. I darn near adore it, but the tea selection is not making my tea-loving soul sing. They carry a limited selection of Stash teas, which are not my favorite, but if The Beat were to roll out a mighty fine selection of whole-leaf teas, then I would declare The Beat all that is good and fine in the land of Vegas. It is a potential heart hub that could spread open-minded, hard-thinking, creative juice all over this lovely town. And, if you've never been covered in creative juice, trust me, you would like it.\n\nTo be honest, I had a very limited experience at The Beat. I only ordered one cup of hot tea, but I was there for close to 2-hours. \n\nWith large glass windows, assorted thriftchic (made that word up) seating and a clientele that can best be described as the cultural literati of Vegas, the vibe delivers in a tremendous way. So big, that you may start to feel that you aren't cool enough to sip the java, but resist the fear, like me, and stay for the soundtrack. \n\nThe soundtrack? Yes, based on my limited survey of what was happening there is a record player that is hooked into the house sound system, and there happens to be a rather large collection of records for sale. How convenient. I think (and think is to be emphasized because I do not know for sure), that you can preview a record you may like to buy by placing it on the record player and rockin' out. When \"When The Levee Breaks\" on vinyl came blasting over the speakers, my internal grin hit a whole new level. I am sorry, but that is just cool. Sure, my husband makes fun of me for going through my Zeppelin phase at a late age (apparently, it is supposed to happen in college), but I don't care. Nothing goes with green tea quite like a drivin' John Paul Jones bass line. \n\nOn a utilitarian note, they do have free WiFi, which makes staying downtown really a necessity for all of you solo business travelers. Free WiFi on the Strip is virtually non-existent, so hole up at the Cortez and roll over to the Beat for your daily business duties. It's a brilliant plan.  \n\nSure, I haven't had any sandwiches. I haven't had the coffee. But, I'll be back there this week. If you see me with my computer and a makeup bag, be warned, I might be moving in. Do record players have a repeat button?