It's been a while since I've been as excited about a new restaurant as I am with Mordeo Boutique Wine Bar, but there is so much to love here! \n\nMordeo is a tapas bar with a feeling and setting all its own in Las Vegas. And while Master Sommelier Luis has done a beautiful job of finding some exceptional boutique wines for you to enjoy, the food is what's been on constant re-runs in my mind since my first visit! The tapas rage from classic Spanish offerings like Jamón Ibérico de Bellota, to Latin and Japanese influenced dishes like Hongos Silvestres and Ocean Trout Carpacio. \n\nMy love and I have been in twice now. Both times we came in a small party with some our closest friends that were down with sharing. As a result, we had the opportunity to try over a dozen incredible dishes, and while I have my favorites, absolutely everything we've had was enjoyable! Some standouts include, the aforementioned Hongos Silvestres and Ocean Trout Carpacio, but I'd also be remiss if I didn't mention the Ocean Trout Skewers and Borego de Colorado. The styles of food don't compete here. I was excited to see oysters and robata style skewers at a tapas bar, and even more happy when I tasted them...seriously my favorite mignonette in town and I think the Ocean Trout Skewer may be my favorite skewer I ever had period!\n\nWhile Chef Khai Vu has his dishes on point, this is also a wine bar, and Mordeo stands out not only an option for boutique wines that you won't see everywhere else, but for really amazing wines at exceptional price points! The wine list is still evolving and changes often, as does the food menu, but both times, there was a varied selection of reds that ranged from approachable to highly interesting to winos. Merdeo has several American wines from California, Oregon, and Washington, but they really specialize in Spanish wines. If you're not current on your boutique Spanish wines, then have Luis help you select a bottle, or simply taste a few by the glass. \n\nMordeo is already busy during peak dining hours, and while the mostly bar seating is stylish, fun, and lively, it's not the most ideal for groups, so plan accordingly, but absolutist make a point to check them out.