These dudes come to the industrial park I work at every other week. They are insane, and they fucking rule.\n\nFull disclosure - i hate food trucks. I don't know what it is about them that rubs me the wrong way, I just don't like them. The Fired Up Taco Truck on the other hand, is the exception to the rule.\n\nThese dudes roll thru in a killer painted truck and post up. They are official. The first time they came through it was a spectacle: three super hyped dudes, blasting dubstep (what sounded like the \"Spring Breakers\" OST), and cooking up a storm. Bass Drops and Fry Basket drops?? I thought it was a mirage. I listen now to the sound of sub bass thunder in the distance on Thursdays, knowing that the saviors haveth arriven. The dude who hands off your food rages with enthusiasm, and makes sure you leave fully psyched to go eat. \"YO EDDIE YOUR TACOS ARE READY MAN!!!!!!!! HAVE A GREAT DAY!!!!!!!!!\" - this is AMAZING. I think when this truck decides to leave it just turns into a pixel cloud and then shoots into the sky while morphing into a dayglow purple comet tail, and then beams down at their next location. I don't know, it just seems sort of magical.  Or maybe they put Molly in my food? Is that why it's so good?? My pupils seemed the normal size when I checked them after a killer lunch, it's not Mali, they just make great food.\n\nObviously, the work crew and myself were thoroughly stoked to run up at them. Today they were playing \"Thriller\" by Michael Jackson, and it was shitty and rainy - these dudes will not cease to party at ANY cost. They stay on point despite weather conditions, where most of the other trucks that come thru would have canceled on a day like today. A work ethic unparalleled in Cleveland. \n\nI get the vegetarian tacos and they are RAD. Pineapple, KILLER fries (I will come back to these), amazing sauce, etc. They are $4\/ea but if you get more you get a price break. The french fries are some homebrew style that is simply untouchable, the fries alone worth it. Just get to this truck if you see it, these dudes rule. \n\nI could go on and on about the Fired Up Truck, but it's an experience and it cannot be embodied on Yelp. It's the only thing that makes Thursday's at work rule.