So I guess they tell their boys to rate their shop because I don't see it! Lmao! What a joke!! I'm not a local in Arizona I'm from Vegas and needed to find somewhere to get my haircut on a regular basis when I come to Scottsdale for work.  \n\n   I got my haircut a few weeks ago by Edgar, to say the least his haircut was okay but not exactly what I wanted. I asked him for a simple taper and yet he gave me a fade mohawk. At first the place looks like a decent hole in the wall as far as the fixtures of the shop. He seemed pretty nice at first but come to find out he's fake as fuck. Because when I try to set an appointment on his little calendar,  he said they were booked up for a few weeks. So I told him that I'll get back to him later on, (which was the same evening) to give him an exact time for an appointment. And yet, they say, walk-ins available. The lies, the lies!\n\n  So at this point I'm leaving and going back to my hotel room to sort out how I could plan to make another visit.\n\n  So I go to try to text first because he likes to text he said,  (he didn't respond for at least four hours) and then I call him, to find out for sure, if they took  walk-ins or not, he blocks me.  Mind you I've done nothing, out of the ordinary to this fellow. Never met him a day in my life before. But to make sure I wasn't trippin, I leave my hotel room and drive back to the shop that evening to see what was the fuss about. I called the shop and at this point, and I'm outside of the shop parked watching to see his ratchet brother, mind you, answer the shop phone while all his homies hanging out at the shop smoking weed, and blatantly lie and says that he was in the bathroom!! I really don't understand the games but, it's not that serious. \n\n  Especially when I was tipping him 10 bucks which is half the price  of my haircut, for something I didn't even want in the first place! Don't go here if you want someone or a place that is professional and has common good moral ethics!! These are grown little boys running the shop. Oh and by the way, how I found out that my phone number was blocked, because I called from a different number and went straight through. How pathetic..