What can I say except that Jose Andres is a genius. All of his restaurants offer a unique experience and by far has been one of the best dining experiences I have had. From the moment you walk in you are greeted with the aroma of the open fire grill where the meats are prepared. The decor is eclectic, whimsical but at the same time elegant.  Even the menu was beautiful made of black laquer decorated in a Baroque style. Just by the menu you knew you were in for a unique experience.  Most of the dishes are tapa style which are meant to be shared.  They also offer three different price fix menu started from $150pp to $250pp. Knowing that the dishes were on the small side we opted for the tasting menu. We really wanted to try his best dishes and knew this would be a good choice. We chose the second tier which was really way too much food, but we got to try a little of everything. The list is way to long and everything was exceptional so I will try and highlight our favorite dishes. Our first dish was the super giant pork skin chicharron. This is what I mean by unique. They place the chicharron on top of a piece of parchment paper and place it in the middle of the table and the waiter comes out with a mallet and starts breaking up the giant pork skin chicharron to pieces. Weird huh?  Don't be fooled this is no gimmick this is some serious tasting stuff. The next dish was the caviar flight. Each caviar and condiment was served in a beautiful glass sculpture which was stunning. Instead of serving alongside toast points it was served with puffed potato chips. The creme fraiche was served in a small tube representative of a painters tube. Very appropriate since the display was a work of art. These dishes were all very exciting, but the dish that took my breath away was the smoke and ice oysters and by this point I am suffering from sensory overload. I think there might have been smoke because of the ice used, but I can't recall. All I remember is an explosion of unusual yet delicious flavors, smokiness ,sweetness, and tart. The combination was phenomenal. The other dishes that are must haves are the croquetas which are served inside a paper cone and placed inside of a glass tennis shoe. This is a signature dish which he also serves at his other restaurant Jaleo. The next dish was the grilled Pulpo a la Gallega (Octopus) which was tender and grilled to perfection.  Now for the star of the show which is the steak. Amazing, but by this time we were stuffed. We were definitely way over our heads on this one. There were many more dishes and all were amazing. So a la carte or price fixed menu I don't think you could go wrong. \nThe restaurant is amazing and a bit pricey, but well worth every penny. It is definitely the ultimate dining experience.