The staff at this hospital needs to be evaluated. I've never experience so many people having attitudes at only 6pm. I went recently because of experiencing ten side effects from an antibiotic I was put on after a procedure. I thought the right thing to do before going was to look up the side effects to the medication to make sure what I was experiencing was actually from that. I waited around 4 hours in the er which wasn't that bad, just seems like forever when you're sick. When I get to a room is when hell started. This fat doctor comes in trying to over talk me and interrupt me constantly as im trying to explain to him what my symptoms are. I tell him I looked up the medicine since I misplaced the paper that came with the medication. This seemed to piss him off like how dare I look up my symptoms on the internet. He tells me he doubts what I'm experiencing is from the medication. I tell him I wasn't having problems before with; dizziness, nausea, joint pain, fever, chills, sharp eye pain, confusion, headache, peeing less, loss appetite and serious fatigue to the point I have to use my alarm to keep waking up. \n\nI told him this was affecting me at work really bad. He still didnt believe me. So he ordered a chest x ray and urine sample. When he leaves some male nurse with an attitude came in because I hit the light to ask for a blanket. He rolled his eyes and said yea but the doctor need a urine sample. I told him I've been having problems peeing lately. I hadn't peed since around 7 that morning. So he huffed and went out to get some fat ass what I'm assuming is a charge nurse. She came in asking what the problem was in a nasty way. I told her all I said was I've been having problems peeing. I asked her why I was being treated like shit and like I disrespected someone because I didnt. She said I had to understand the doctor is frustrated because he deals with emergency issues and mine wasn't an emergency. She was talking to me like I had no business even being in the er. I told her I rarely go to the er and I try to take care of myself at home when I'm sick instead of coming to the er to have to deal with people like her. I don't care to get looked at funny because I'm Black and like I'm there for drugs. I said I'm there for answers on why my body was doing what it was. She asked when I was looking up the side effects why didnt I look up a UTI? I said well I'm not a doctor how would I know to look that up? She was just being a bitch to me. \n\nMy test results came back that I didnt have a UTI or anything like they thought so I'm told its a viral infection and that it may be my taking of the antibiotic after all. Like no kidding its the antibiotic. I told the nurse that was discharging me that I will never come back to this hospital. She was very sweet and understanding. She apologized for their behavior but the damage was done. I should've learned my lesson one of the previous times I was here and had a doctor flat out ask me did I have 8 kids and was I on Ahcccs? I couldn't believe this happened but how would I file a complaint with no witness? Noone would believe one of their wonderful doctors would do something like that to a patient. There are some serious racial issues going on at this hospital and I won't return. I'm proud of who I am and I won't stand for anyone trying to make me feel like less of a person. \n\nAlot of the staff needs to be fired. Theres so many people struggling to find work and do carry themselves in a professional manner that can take these positions. Problem is theres a good amount of ungrateful bitches and assholes that already have the positions. Continuing to abuse their posiitons and authority.