Five stars for a brunch place? Hell yeah!  (I haven't had their dinner menu, but for a weekend brunch, it hits the spot!) \n\nAfter driving by numerous times and being intrigued by the name of the restaurant alone, it was about time I got a chance to experience what the Hash House was really all about.  \n\nAfter about a 20 minute wait, we were starving.  It didn't help that we could see (stare) at what the diners were chowing on as they sat on the patio.  Gigantic portions of anything and everything, that's for sure!\n\nI had their special Mimosa with Pom Tangerine.  Can I say yum?  If my boyfriend will make me a pitcher of that, I promise to get drunk real fast!  My other dining companions had their HH Bloody Mary with all the fixings.  Those darn fixings were fabuloso!  They came with these vinegared Blue Lake string beans and stuffed green olives.  I heard two exclamations of \"I think this the BEST Bloody Mary I have ever had!\"  Hot damn!  That was 2 for 2!\n\nFor food, I ordered their special Farmer's Daughter House Hash that came with two eggs your way, biscuit, watermelon, and portabello mushrooms, cheddar cheese, sun-dried tomatoes, etc. on potatoes.  It was damn good!  My BF had the HH Famous Meatloaf Hash House with spinach, meatloaf chunks, cheese and some other stuff on potatoes, along with two eggs his way, watermelon and a biscuit.  These house hashes arrived on a big ole' skillet and were hearty portions, which could easily be shared by two.  \n\nMy other dining companion had a omelet with salmon and brie.  The brie was such a nice and smooth taste to the omelet. Yummy!  And our 4th diner chose Two Eggs with Bacon and Toast.  Both orders arrived with a gigantic mound of mashed potatoes that were tasty too.  \n\nThe best part...thank goodness the waitress told us about the homemade strawberry jam!  We were slathering that all over our biscuits and were just about to slather it all over ourselves. It was that good!  Hot damn!\n\nLooking around at other diners, they had massive salads, gigantic pancakes and waffles that were falling over the edge of the plate, and huge sandwiches.  It all looked so good!  Portions were plenty and you definitely feel like you get a big bang for your buck!  \n\nI was definitely curious to see if the dessert menu was so generous.  Unfortunately, we were told the desserts were of average size.  They only had a Strawberry Cobbler, Cheesecake, and some Snickers thing.  But then again, with all this food...who makes it to dessert anyway?    \n\nService was fabulous!  Our waitress was super friendly, being patient with our delay in ordering and even bringing over more Bloody Mary fixings so we could devour.  \n\nWith a name like this, I am confident that you can have a feast after a little 'hash' of your own!  I'm even putting this restaurant into my \"Top Restaurants\" and \"Nice date restaurants in Vegas\" because if a boy brought me here 'the morning after', he would get a gold star in my book for sure!  That's right boys...if you're letting the girl stay over into brunch time and you bring her here, she'll be more than happy to go back to your place again (assuming you give her a chance to digest!).  And ladies, if you bring the guy here the morning after, he'll be sure to stick around for a few more mornings after for sure!  \n\nAnyone who wants a hearty brunch in Vegas away from the strip, Hash House a Go Go is your place to go!  Their numerous awards for breakfast and brunch are well deserved!\n\nUpdate: 01\/04\/07 - I recently went back for their special Blue Lump Crab Cake with chili mayo and mashed potatoes ($15.95).  The mayo had a nice zing for the crab cake and the deep fried angel hair pasta garnishment had a nice crunch.  It was a yummy dish and big enough to share.  It's a $2.50 split charge if you do share it.  Their homemade jam was a mixed berry concoction this time.  I also tried their Banana Pancake with Cinnamon.  The BF loved it, I'm more of a waffle kind of girl myself.\n\n(Check out the photos above of my good eats!)