My hubby and I are starting our journey #braceslasvegas #teamperfectsmile with invisilign together and we chose Dr. Benson's office since she is one of the few orthodontists in the area that offer Acceledent. ( this speeds up your treatment by 50%, I'll tell you how this comes into play later ) We hate taking time off for work but we fly into Lv almost every month and pricing is cheaper out here so it makes sense to fly out to party, gamble and get a quick tuneup for our teeth at the same time.\n\nSo the hubbs and I have both had braces growing up and we didn't wear our retainers, so round 2 of orthodontics for us it is ! I know there's more of you guys in this same situation too right ?\n\nDuring our first consultation Dr.Benson indicated that hubbs would be eligible for Invisilign express with 10 trays and 20 weeks treatment and for me 20-25 trays and 40+ weeks treatment. I was so sad that his treatment was half the time as mine and I wouldn't be able to show off my perfect pearly whites in Bora Bora for our honeymoon. \nI would need more treatment than hubbs due to my teeth shifting  and I really wanted to have perfect teeth as well for our upcoming honeymoon . Ugh worst news ever.. This is where Dr.Benson came to my rescue . She said there is a new technology we can use for 20min per day that speeds up the treatment time in half, and also helps with sore teeth while moving. Omg what a life saver. Acceledent !!This electronic device is handheld and sends vibrations to your teeth though a mouthpiece. This would pretty much put my treatment time to 5 months like hubbs woot !! Plus who doesn't love new technology ?!\n\nWe got our impressions done, and we will be back in a month to get our trays !\n\nNotes: There are several options for treatment that are offered but for us the Invisilign combo with Acceledent worked best for me since we had just mild to moderate crowding with our teeth. Offered with Dr. Benson are Invisilign, metal braces and clear, and if you need actual brackets she can even put them on the inside of the teeth so they are completely hidden ! (Lingual braces)\n\nI'll update some before and after pics soon