It pains me to have to write a negative review about this place as I've always thought their pizza is comparable to Il Pizzaiolo.  I really enjoy the pizza at both of these places and Stone is definitely priced better, but alas, customer service is a big part of dining out and they were off the charts in the wrong direction!\n\nOk so the most recent service my boyfriend and I experienced was awful.  We decided to grab some dinner here before heading to a show at the Benedum.  The bf had to use the bathroom and we were told it was for paying customers only - makes sense and we told them we'll be putting in an order.  The guy behind the counter said that the men's bathroom was currently being used since the bathroom key wasn't there. \n\nOk fine - we'll wait until the men's key is returned.  5-10 minutes later, which I feel is a reasonable amount of time to wait, we asked if the bf could just use the women's bathroom given that they have a locked bathroom policy (he drank a lot of water before heading here).  The guy behind the counter seemed fine with it but looked to who I presume was the owner who told us that he couldn't do that.\n\nWhat?!?  What can't you do, give us the women's key which appears to be available since you have the key behind the counter and we had already put in our pizza order so at this point we are paying customers.  The owner proceeds to tell us that there may be women in the bathroom so he's uncomfortable giving a man the key to the women's bathroom.  Ok this doesn't make sense, b\/c if it's a locked bathroom policy and they have the women's key with them, isn't it safe to assume that the women's bathroom is locked and not being used.  And if that's the case, can you give a dude a break who needs to take a whizz - he'll be 5 seconds and out of there in no time.  \n\nThis is what we reasoned with the owner, but he refused to give in saying that sometimes it's not locked...Uh ok, then why do you have a key to the women's bathroom and a supposed locked bathroom policy?!?!  So we sat down at our table waiting for our pizza, and the bf was seething (I was annoyed as well) about the nonsensical argument that took place.  \n\nAt this point it's about 25 minutes later, and we didn't see a man come out of the men's bathroom.  I'm thinking the establishment should be concerned with whoever is in there b\/c that's a damn long time to be in a public bathroom (unless something has gone terribly wrong).  \n\nWe're basically done with our pizza and all around it was a miserable experience given that the bf was uncomfortable the entire time we were here.  Then auto-magically a woman worker behind the counter hands us the key to the men's bathroom that appears to have been behind the counter THE ENTIRE TIME!  WOW - talk about some shitty service and the staff not paying any attention nor having any concern for a customer who needs to use the facilities.  \n\nA few things, we were 100% certain that no man ever exited the men's bathroom so the men's key had been with the staff the entire time.  There were plenty of times that the women's bathroom wasn't being used during the 30-40 minutes we were there where the bf could have popped in and quickly used it.  There were no apologies from the owner.  I was in total shock about the way the handled a seemingly easy customer request.\n\nNeedless to say, I doubt that I'll ever go here again after this experience.  Yes folks - it was that awful.  I may like their pizza but I'll pay a few more bucks and head over to Il Piz...at least there I know they won't be bathroom Nazis!