I have been to this place a few times, including the Lakewood location. The food is OK, yes you may not believe me, you saw this shit on Man vs. Food of course its good!! THEY HAVE NEAT STUFF ON THE WALLS! THE WAIT STAFF IS MADE UP OF COOL HIPSTERS! SO MANY BEARDS!\n\nI was decidedly underwhelmed upon my first visit, but I got the deep fried sandwich with jalapeños, and at the time I just figured I shouldn't get an entire deep fried sandwich. My interim visits weren't memorable.\n\nThis most recent time I went (yesterday) was for a friends birthday, I happened to be in town and I wanted to take him out, he chose Melt.  When we walked in as they were seating us I whispered to the girl that it was his birthday \"we don't do anything for birthdays\" ok well I'd gladly pay you for a surprise dessert, do you fucking take money for desserts people order?! That is all I really wanted, actually I secretly go to restaurants to scam free things on people's birthdays its my only hobby aside from cat hoarding.\n\nI got a salad and a cup of chili, I think they could pay a little more attention to the salads, it was iceberg with about 3 pieces of arugula mixed in, whatever its ruff age. It claimed to have sun dried tomatoes on it, but they were stewed tomatoes that had maybe been dried for a bit. I got cheddar on the salad (should've gotten blue) and it was clear that the cheese was for the grilled cheese, by all means yes use the same cheese but perhaps shred it in a way more suited to salads.  It was all really small pieces of cheese that ended up on the plate because they were too small for the fork.  Nit picky I know, but damn make the entire menu work.\n\nSo we are leisurely eating and getting caught up, mind you it is my friend's birthday and we haven't caught up in months.  Before I even touched my chili she brought us boxes for EVERYTHING. Slow. Your. Fucking. Roll. And let us eat.  As we were leaving I saw why she rushed us, there was a substantial wait for meat\/cheese mediocrity.\n\nSo to all you poor souls waiting an hour or more to eat here go somewhere else and go here when you have time at 3 in the afternoon. \n\nI'm not going to lie and say I'll never go back because everyone in the tri county area has a boner for this place and when I come into town we often just end up here. But I will probably just invest in alcohol.