This rating is a blend of how I feel about the first class and economy class. First class is a five, economy is a 2 or 3 depending on if the beverage cart passes me up on its journey down that narrow little aisle.\n\nMy first time flying Virgin (yeah, I could make a joke about being a Virgin virgin, but I won't...I think it's a stupid name for an airline. Makes me think inexperienced, naively new, and really young -- nothing I want my airline to be.) \n\nI'd always believed \"Sir\" Richard Branson to be an ass. His comment, \"Anything that's virgin, I'd like to improve\" confirms him as the quintessential douchebag in my book. That said,no one's perfect and I'd probably go to lunch with him if he was buying.\n\nThe inner plane itself is quite striking. Lots of purple. I love purple. \n\nHaving flown both first class and economy during this trip (SFO to Toronto and back again), I would only fly Virgin again if it were first class. First class kicks ass. The seats are incredible. They have everything you could imagine in an airplane seat. We wanted to take them home with us! Like a dentist chair, that reclines almost all the way. Has a tray that comes up and out, a monitor, remote, a personal light, place to plug in your cute bright pink headphones you bought prior to boarding (I wanted them to go with my home office once we got back, ok?)...plus they serve you a HELL of a meal. A full meal. I loved almost everything and got stuffed. It was a vegetarian Indian dish and dessert.\n\nThe flight attendant we got was a total doll. We adored her. Wanted to take her home with us, too. Such a sweetheart. She was a walking ray of sunshine after we'd been in bleary cold Canada. Truly believed she'd do anything for us, and if we didn't know, she'd suggest something. A doll!\n\nI loved being able to watch TV on the plane...had never bothered to partake of \"Real Housewives of Atlanta\" before, but somehow it was stupid enough to be interesting. What assholes, these people's kids! Some siliconed, bleached, injected mama went to a lot of work and $60,000 to make over her younger daughter's bedroom (do YOU have $60,000 sitting around to transform an 8-year-old's room? Ok, maybe Richard Branson), and the bratty 15-year-old had to bitch and whine about hers not being done. The little bitch had 2,000 sq. ft. of living space all to herself -- an entire floor -- but she had to bitch and whine and be jealous of her pre-pubescent sister. Of course plastic mama had to give in and do hers next. Entitled, bratty bitch! But I digress...\n\nThe economy class seats, while still affording the opportunity to watch stupid reality TV, were much more narrow than we're used to on other airlines. Also, the underseat space was tiny. Could barely fit anything under there. It was miserably cramped. I don't care how pretty the plane is, the tightness blew chunks. We hated it. Made finally getting home that much more of a relief!