I give the classic iced black milk tea 5 stars but this location's customer service has gotten so bad.  I really don't know why I still go there despite my last two negative experience.\n\nNegative experience #1:\nI was 8 and half months pregnant with a obvious protruding pregnant belly.  Went in on a weekday around 3pm with my husband.  The place was NOT busy and a young male server walked us to our table, the small 2 seat tables that you have to step up a high step for a pregnant woman and the seats that were not cushioned and if you're a woman reading this and ever been pregnant then you will know that pregnant woman CANNOT sit on hard seats without cushions.  So we asked the server if we could sit somewhere else, he said no the other seats are for 4 people plus.  I said I'm pregnant and I need to sit on cushion, he continued to say no I can't you are only two persons and the other seats are 4 plus.  Now I don't know what the F*CK I was thinking back then in not asking to speak to the manager to request for another seat.  Instead, I didn't want to make a big deal for my husband and I told him it's fine so we sat down.\n\nNegative experience #2:\nCame here few weeks ago with my hubby's family, we were total of 16 people.  The lady server that served us was rude, and rude is me nicely describing her.  Everytime I go there I order the popcorn chicken in large size by paying few extra bucks.  This time I did the same thing and the lady says \"no large size\".  I told her everytime we order this large size, she says \"no large size\" without further explanation and a look on her face as if I killed her family in my previous life.  What kind of attitude is this?  Then 7 of my family members ordered and she said to the rest I can't take the rest of your orders, I will come back.  Seriously?!  I was too preoccupied with a fussy newborn or else...\n\nAnyway, I am going here tonight again and if I experience any ounce of rude customer service I will make sure my comments get heard this time!