I am only giving this place 1 star because I cant give it zero.  This place is absolutely disgusting.  We drove by this place a lot in the past week because we were frequenting South Mountain Preserve and with all the blazing lights outside, we thought this place was literally beckoning us to try them out.  I'm already not a huge fan of buffets for hygienic reasons and because most buffets are built for high capacity food to be dished out quickly. As a result the foods in buffets are rarely ever made fresh. But there are a few I'm actually impressed with, so I cant completely disregard buffets as a whole.\n\nThe outside of this place looks like a Chinese ski lodge with a neon light trim. There is nothing around it except for a Circle K across the street, so this place really stands out.  Kids under 2 eat free. I kinda wish we were all under 2 years old tonight for this meal.\n\nThe cashier was friendly, the host was weird about seating us and our server was probably the best part about that place. So II'll take back my first sentence, Id like to give that one star to her.\n\nThe place was very busy which I thought was a sure sign that it was going to be a great buffet, but I took a good look around. A reaaallllly good look.  If you took every single person that was on parole in AZ and seated them at a Chinese buffet, that's what you would get. 'Twas a bit creepy in there.  Aside from that, let me get down to the food....\n\nI took a little bit of everything.  It's what I always do.  The food looked weird to me, like it was purchased from the supermarket, thawed out and placed under the heat lamp for everyone.  The ONLY items that looked normal were the jello (which is already a bizarre food anyway), the rice and the ice cream.  That's it. The sushi was an absolute joke, fried fish was bready and greasy, jalapeno chicken\/sweet n sour chicken all tasted like a packet of syrup was mixed and then drizzled on top.  My son (who actually has an excellent palate) said the pizza tasted like yogurt. Like YOGURT! \n\nQuite possibly the most unsightly thing I saw tonight was a seafood blend (casserole) that looked like somebody vomited on the tray.  I saw two scrapes taken from that tray. I'll say a prayer for the 1-2 individuals who ate that tonight because that was absolutely disgusting.\n\nThere is so much food there and I'd love to go through the list, but to be honest there's no point.  Just dont go there.  Save your money and go elsewhere. Anywhere but there.