Ever since I was a young boy, I've played the silver ball.\nFrom Soho down to Brighton I must have played them all.\nBut I ain't seen nothing like... the Pinball Hall of Fame! \n\nA Pinball Wizard I am certainly not. I am a fan of The Who however, and when I came here recently I couldn't stop singing their iconic song as I strolled the isles and played the machines. The PHOF has a great collection of older games that pre-dated my childhood.  They have several new machines,  as well as a bunch of familiar machines from the late 80s and early 90s that took me down memory lane the way a great old movie does.  \n\nWhile it is a \"Hall of Fame,\" people come here to play.  The games vary in price, but are generally inexpensive. I've played for quite a while on the cheap despite the fact that I'm not a pinball gamer.  I think that every age demographic was represented on that night, and everyone was completely enjoying themselves.\n\nThe X-Men game was one of my favorites...I either got suddenly better at pinball or the game is setup for lots of extra balls and genetically freakish fun!  Another highlight was the T2 Machine.  Complete with total recall style flashbacks to my youth, this game was intense!  I had a ton of fun playing. On a return visit I discovered Kiss, Metallica, and Guns n Roses...they need to crank the volume up a bit more on these ones specifically, but they were great fun experience.  A lot of classic arcade games have found a second life here as well, but we stuck to the pinball machines on our trip here. \n\nThe guys running the PHOF are very helpful and more than adequately took care of us the one time we lost quarters in a machine that wasn't working properly.  They gave us at least twice the amount of quarters we had lost and also informed us when the game was working again.  The fact that they were enthusiastic, helpful and competent went a long way with me.\n\nI had a blast playing the different machines and was completely entertained throughout my time here.  In the words of \"The\" Machine, \"I'll be back!\"