First, I would like to start off this comment by stating that I only post on Yelp if it's really good, or REALLY bad. This, my friends, is unfortunately the latter.\n\nThe short version of my post: Foundation Room tried to play us for fools and ruined our dining experience.\n\nThe long version: (which I hope you'll read because it's quite ridiculous)\n\nTo start things off, my girlfriends and I ordered a bottle of Pinot Noir. Nothing fancy, just a $50 bottle that we were already planning to order more of (get Vegas started off right, right?!) So we order the first bottle and this is where the fun begins...\n\nInstead of bringing out the bottle and doing the normal wine presentation that you're used to seeing at a restaurant, she brings out a tray with four pre-filled glasses that each look as though they have one shot of wine in each glass. She sets them down in front of us and leaves. My friends and I (who are no strangers to wine) just stare at each other in disbelief. She calls this a glass of wine? Where is the rest? There was maybe three sips in each. Maybe. Now, I know we didn't order their top notch bottle and I didn't expect their in-house sommelier to pour it, but I did expect to at least see the bottle and I did expect to at least receive the entire contents of the bottle that we were paying for and not just a portion of it. Everyone at the table knew instantly that there was no way we were poured an entire bottle of wine (unless, of course, it was the World's smallest bottle of wine.)\n\nNow, since we had no proof that she didn't pour us the entire bottle (since she never brought it out to us and it was pre-poured in back) we ordered another bottle for our husbands and asked for new glasses. We also asked her for the bottle to be brought to the table(uncorked) and a presentation. Our waitress obliged. She came out with the new bottle, corked it before us and filled up the new glasses in the exact amount she did with the first four original wine glasses. And guess what, surprise surprise, after pouring the contents in equal amounts as the first round, there was still HALF A BOTTLE left remaining on the table. So our little experiment worked and proved that she did in fact completely scam us on the first bottle ordered--by filling our glasses in the back of the house and trying to pass it off as a full bottle.\n\nWe were obviously bummed this was happening, especially given the reputation of the restaurant, so in order to remedy the situation and not cause a scene, one of my girlfriends pulled the waitress aside in the hallway and told her we knew what had happened and that we just wanted things made right. The waitress completely agreed, apologized for the situation and told my friend she'd make sure it was taken care of. \n\nFoundation Rooms remedy: Two complimentary desserts (which we didn't order) and instead of charging us for a full bottle for the first bottle, they charged us for four individual glasses of wine instead.\n \nNow, why do people order bottles of wine instead of individual glasses of wine at restaurants? Because it's cheaper and you get more, right? So aside from the desserts we didn't want, their solution was to actually charge us MORE for the wine than what we had originally asked for. My blood pressure was through the roof at this point. The dessert was a nice gesture, but we didn't ask for it. I was completely fine paying full amount for the second bottle since we actually were able to enjoy it fully BUT BY GOD I wasn't paying anything towards something we didn't order, weren't able to enjoy and were just outright cheated on.\n\nI gestured the waitress over, pointed to the four glasses of wine by the glass listed on the receipt and simply told her \"Mam, we did not order four glasses of wine, we ordered a bottle of wine. Since you and I both know we did not receive a bottle of wine, I would like these glasses of wine we didn't order removed.\" \n\nOur waitress nodded, and without hesitation, FINALLY fixed the situation.\n\nWe travel to Vegas three-four times a year and needless to say, I do not recommend The Foundation Room and will not be returning. \n\nI hope you find this review helpful and that Foundation Room improves their manner and poor service.