This was the best meal I had in Toronto during my entire trip. \n\nWhat a great restaurant! Every single dish was excellent. There was a live music performance around 8:30. That really added to the great atmosphere. I was here with my family, 7 of us. The music being sang had quite a few oldie throwbacks, so of course, my aunts and uncles were really into it and began singing along. It was great!\n\nThe arrival time of everyone had about a 30 minute gap and the waitress was respectful, seated us, and did not pressure us to order. We waited until the last person arrived before beginning our order. We began with some dips. There was a spinach dip, two eggplant dips, a walnut dip, and a yogurt dip. The eggplant dip was so delicious. I ate so much of the bread. I added the eggplant to the rice once the rice came out. \n\nThen came the salad. I did not try much of that because it was just regular salad and had olives. No thanks! Then came the soup. Mmmmmmm! It had little bits of carrot, celery, and was a thick barley soup. I love the food here because everything is SO delicious and SO healthy! Wish I could've grown another stomach for this meal. \n\nWe got a sample platter of meats so that we could try a little bit of everything. There was very soft steak, then kebab beef (soft like what you find in gyros?) and chicken. Not a huge fan of chicken here, but ya got me. This is the place to eat chicken for sure. The grilled flavor is so rich. There are many spices working together, flavors my taste buds have never experienced before. We enjoyed this meat platter with the gloriously large plate of rice. Basmati rice with some butter spread over it. The yellow from the saffron along with another dark red\/brown spice that was on the table. I am not sure what it is called, but it was zesty and my uncle said it lowers cholesterol. Delicious and great for your health. Why isn't there more of this food back home?\n\nAs I was struggling to fit all this food, the most amazing piece of lamb arrived at the table. It was so nicely prepared. The meat fell right off the bones as we shared it. It came in a little heat-proof plate, the kind fancy restaurants use to serve tiny portions of pasta. This piece was not grilled nor elaborately spiced. This was simple. I have never had such a soft piece of lamb meat until this point in time. \n\nAs the night went on, service became a lot slower. It took a long time to get napkins and tea. Tea took 15-20 minutes to make. There was only 2 other tables in the entire restaurant...and it took so long to make little tea bags. I cant take a star off for that though, the food was really phenomenal. And for those of you who like healthy things, the sodas there are served in glass bottles which means there is no high fructose corn syrup in them. \n\nI definitely will save this location to come back to whenever I have the opportunity to visit Toronto again. \n\nThere is some parking out front, but it is very limited.