This is my second (and last visit) to Stacks.  My first visit was fantastic a few months ago.  This visit should have really gotten zero stars.....because from start to finish it bombed.  The only reason I gave it 2 stars this go around is because the food actually tasted good.\n\nWe arrived at 10:08 on a Saturday morning.  Put our names on the list and were told that it would be a 25 minute wait.  (We waited outside...and they were calling parties from the wait list outside too). 40 minutes later, after not being called....i walked in and looked at the wait list at the hostess stand.  Our name had already been marked off....and so had the next 7 or 8 people after us.  When I said something....the waitress admitted that she forgot to call us and take us to the table.  We were then seated immediately.\n\nWhen we were seated...it took a other 10 minutes to be acknowledged by a waitress who seemed dazed and confused.  We heard her apologize to several tables around us....and I thought to myself \"this can't be good\".   She got our drink order and eventually showed up with that....then made us wait another 5 minutes or so (after disappearing) to come take our order.  Something told me that I should ask her not to forget to put our order in....but I didnt.  That was a BAD CALL......because, guess what?.   SHE FORGOT TO PUT OUR ORDER IN.  People seated after us had already gotten food and eaten and ready to go.  Not us.\n\nI asked to speak to the manager and shared our experience with him.  He listened and was polite enough.....and he said \"hold on for a minute and let me go check on something\".   That took a while....i was wondering if he left to check the back door so he could run away.\n\nHe returned to our table with a plate of Greek goodies and some dried bagel chips to help smooth things over with us.  To me, that was not enough.  \n\nI am a hairstylist. .. and if anyone has ever had a bad experience or complained....i would take care of a portion of their ticket.  What he offered me was like the equavalent of offering my clients a few salon magazines and some K-Cups for them to take when they left.  Kinda insulting.\n\nWhen we got to the cash register to pay....we had to wait again.  No cashier to be seen anywhere.  When she asked \"How was everything?\"  She seemed shocked at my reply of \"You asked the wrong person that question this morning....cause it bombed from start to finish.\"     \n\nBy the time we left it was 11:55.  Almost 2 hours later.  That's too long for any breakfast service\n\nI am sorry that my second experience was so dumpy....because I really liked the food.....but I would never subject myself to this type of experience ever again.