Ordered:\nIced-Blended White Mocha 16oz - $4.35\nIced Cafe Mocha on the rocks 24oz - $4.75\nTruffle - .99\n\nI had a $10 Groupon for Madhouse, so we went here to study. The place is painted orange and has random tribal style paintings on the walls and lamps. I don't care for the layout very much. All the tables are two seaters, so there is barely any room for your laptops and drinks (beware of knocking something over). There are only 6 tables. That sounds like a lot, but many people take up one table for themselves, so Don and I had to sit at the counter top area along the wall in very wobbly bar stools. We weren't greeted when we came in and no one helped us for about 5 minutes (2 of which was spent just looking at the menu and pastries). One of the girls came up and took my order. She was very friendly and suggested a I get a truffle when my total came up to just $9.10 and didn't charge me for the extra ten cents (truffle was .99). I'm guessing the wifi code must come on the receipts, but I wasn't given one so I didn't get a code. I went up to ask for the wifi code so Don and I could both use the internet, but was only given one card. When we both typed the code into our comps, it said only one can use it at a time, so I just let Don use it. I was just a little annoyed though because we were both customers, even if it was under the same purchase. I guess they're just overly protective of their wifi here. The drinks were very good though. I don't ever order blended beverages because they tend to be expensive and a little too fattening for my taste, but I decided to splurge since I had a Groupon and it's Thanksgiving week anyway ;) The blended iced mocha wasn't too sweet and tasted like it had a hint of hazelnut in it. It was perfectly blended (no ice chunks) and very refreshing. The truffle i picked out was Pralina con tartufo and it tasted just like Polveron! It didn't really strike me as a truffle, but I still enjoyed it and it was only 99 cents.\n\nOverall, I wasn't very impressed with this place. Coffee shop layouts and ambiance are very important to me since I spend most of my time studying in them and I just didn't like the overall feel of this one. When we went in they were playing some sort of experimental shoegaze and it was a little too loud and distracting for my taste. The bright orange on the walls and furry lamp was also too loud, but I understand it's part of their \"Madhouse\" theme. Since the drinks are good, I was thinking it'd be nice to just sit outside if I ever come back, but only one of the tables outside is covered by an umbrella. The rest of them are all out in the sun, covered by nothing. If anything, I'd come back and use the drive-thru to order a drink and maybe a pastry, but this isn't the type of place I see myself going to so I could study or do work. \n\nTip\n*Make sure you really PULL the bathroom door closed before you lock it. Don thought he closed and locked the door...until he got walked in on by one of the baristas. Then he came out and they were all whispering, giggling, and looking at him.