If you want to be in a salesman's office, Dr. Kang is your dentist!  I noticed that most of his reviews on Google are his own staff (Bill, Konnie, and Young)\/family.  If you have to take your children with you because this office cancelled your first appointment and gave you another appointment that does not work with your babysitter, the office staff will say you are not able to bring your children back with you into the room because of \"liabilities\" while the dental staff will say the exact opposite. The dental staff welcomed my son and daughter in the room without hesitation (or without the practice manager, Bill, around).  The practice manager, Bill Kolnsberg, is NOT a people person if you are not his age or older and male.  He lacks customer service skills, toleration, and he has quite the way to talk down to you.  While waiting over an hour for my husband to finish his cleaning, I asked Myra (who has posted a Yelp review in favor of the dentist as well) where I may be able to change my 2 month old daughter because this family dentist office did not have a changing table in their bathroom.  I explained that I had a changing pad to lay down where ever she suggested, and she offered me the bathroom floor!  After I addressed my concerns about changing a baby on their dirty bathroom floor, she did offer better accommodations. We were at the dentist from 8:15-11am for 2 cleanings (my husband and myself).  The dentist was too busy to even see me for my appointment, but he did see my husband after a long wait.  I was told by Konnie I had \"beautiful\" teeth, but all of the sudden I had this outrageous treatment plan to get fillings replaced and a crown to be put in.  The dentist likes to push sales and requires much more dental work than is really needed.  Believe me, I got a 2nd opinion.  After the frustration of being there for almost 3 hours, I insisted with Bill Kolnsberg (office manager) that my husband come out, so we could leave.  Bill literally barricaded himself in the hallway with arms extended, so I would not able to get my husband after Bill refused to get my husband for me. He did this in front of my 2 month old and 3 year old!  What a statement!!  \"He's with the dentist,\" I was told.  My husband told me the dentist was in there pushing his sales pitch with Konnie, the dental assistant.  The office staff is continually horrible at billing me correctly.  They pull out a binder for what I can be charged, and they still attempt to charge me incorrectly.  I made them recheck each time and I was right, they were wrong.  This has happened at 2 visits, the last one being with Myra, the office assistant.  I have been to this office 3 times for myself and I leave hating the place.  I went with my 3 year old last June. I felt almost a little better about the place, but the dentist was too busy to take the time to meet with my son.  Dr. Kang finally met with my son when I insisted otherwise with Konnie, the dental assistant.  My husband only met with Dr. Kang once, and he was not impressed with the service, the persistent sales, and the time it took for a cleaning.  I gave this office way too many opportunities to turn my impression around, but they have failed for the final time for my entire family.