Beware The Blonde Vulture!\n\nMy main bank account is through Bank Of America, and since they don't have a branch in Pittsburgh, I needed to get an account where I could simply deposit checks that I received from one source or another, so I opened one with PNC which, at that time, was the closest to my work. After changing jobs, my work once again had an account with PNC, and I am responsible for making work deposits. Every once in a blue moon I need to deposit a small check of my own, so the same branch where I'm making the deposit is the most convenient, and that branch is the USX Tower.\n\nI am a person that will deal ONLY with 'people' who act like 'people', and not corporate automatons, and at this branch it took me a while to pick my faves out of that pool. After going there for a while I began to notice a very strong corporate-trained automaton, even with those that I enjoy as tellers. The few that I will deal with, you can tell they're doing it because they HAVE to. They are the ones who comes across as humans realizing that this corporate BS is indeed...BS. And from most, it comes across as completely and utterly fake 'friendliness'.\n\nFor the most part, it's a bank...go in, cash checks, make deposits, withdraw, etc. No big deal.  But on several occasions I have discovered the greed mongering side of this 'corporation', and particularly from the woman who appears to be the general branch manager. Fake blonde, fake eye color, uptight corporate fake smile, and chirpy personality when she thinks she's going to get something out of you, but just watch her veneer peel away when she finds out that she won't.\n\nI bought a house, and needed to deposit a large check from an annuity fund to pay for it. Suddenly, my teller was not enough to handle me, and she, and three others were huddled around me at the teller window. Fake smiles, full of 'information' on ALL that they could do for me. When I made it perfectly clear that I didn't play the stock market and investment games, and that I had NO intention of dropping Bank of America as my main account, her face literally changed like the Mayor in Nightmare Before Christmas, and she coldly walked away. I was swarmed upon like a rotting carcass in the desert by greedmongering corporates, which totally turned me off and creeped me out.  \n\nThe reason I was inspired to write this review came today when, while making my work deposit, this manager was on the phone at the next window dealing with an apparent discrepancy in a cash drawer. She was ranting and raving rather harshly on the phone, while another seeming assistant manager was nearby. He verbage on the phone, right there next to a customer, was full of angry 'WHY would you do that?' attitude. Apparently, it was over a $250 discrepancy, and my teller, one of the good humans that I will deal with, asked her if they were trying to find $250, to which she responded, RIGHT in front of me, in a loud and snotty tone \"Just finish attending to your client!\"\n\nSO NOT PROFESSIONAL, HUMAN, OR COOL!\n\nI will NEVER deal with that woman again, and if she tries, I will give her an earful. You do NOT belittle and degrade an employee like that in front of me! I spent five years dealing with a bullying boss, and I will NOT watch it happen to people I have grown to care about in my daily business.\n\nFor the most part, banking here in a common way is fine. I would recommend most of the current tellers. But should you need to bank on a deeper, m,ore complex level, avoid this woman at all costs. because it may end up costing too much. Mainly human decency and integrity.\n\nAnd finally, seriously PNC, turn off the corporate automaton crap. Someone yelling 'Thank you for visiting PNC Bank, have a wonderful day' after me as I walk out the door just reeks of corporate insincerity and is absolutely unnecessary, as is the near recording sounding 'Welcome to PNC, We'll be with you in one moment, thank you for your patience'. It sounds like a broken record, and give people credit for having enough human comprehension that they're standing in the line, and in time it will be their turn.  Your over-trained corporate droning is more aggravating and annoying than encouraging and helpful.\n\nInstead of training your staff to be corporate drones...allow them to be 'human'...and the ones, like the manager, who have no clue HOW to be human, should be out the door. Because I am a human...and I am a customer.