I decided to bring my family here this past Sunday (4\/30\/17) because we've been wanting to try other pho joints and I came here before on two separate occasions in the past and from what I remembered, it was really good. We had 7 people in our party, plus a baby, and it took for-freaking-ever to get a table. We also came during the dinner rush on a Sunday, so it was understandable. We waited at the cramped and overwhelming seating area at the entrance and were finally called for a table after about 45 minutes.\n\nWe were seated at our table by the hostess and given menus. Everyone quickly decided what they wanted to eat and we placed our order with our waiter before we even got our waters! My family ordered a couple plates of gi cun (fresh spring rolls), roasted chicken with garlic, shrimp fried rice, and five bowls of pho. The food came out really fast, which seemed a little suspicious to me, considering how crowded the place was! First of all, the spring rolls were extremely small compared to other Vietnamese restaurants I have been to and the rice paper was hard and difficult to chew, as if it had been sitting out for a long time waiting to be served. The spring rolls definitely weren't fresh. Second of all, the broth in my pho wasn't very hot. It was just warm. Third of all, the shrimp fried rice was extremely bland. There wasn't much flavor at all. Somebody pass the soy sauce!\n\nAs I was eating my pho, I started to remember why I enjoyed my previous visit here. I came here with my cousins at 3 in the morning after a long day of getting crazy at Life Is Beautiful. Of course anything tastes good when you've been on your feet all day, you're intoxicated, and half asleep, right? Needless to say, the food is just okay, not really satisfactory. The quality isn't there.\n\nStraight up, the customer service is terrible... That's me being nice. The servers aren't attentive and it took a few tries to get our waiter's attention. I asked one of them for some extra lime and as he was walking away, I caught him rolling his eyes. Of course, he never came back, so I had to ask someone else. They were definitely understaffed for the amount of customers they had!\n\nIt's unlikely that I'll be returning any time soon and if I do decide to give this place another try in the future, I'm definitely just going to stick with the pho and stay away from the spring rolls and fried rice.