So i pondered for a week or so and went back an fourth on writing a review- so today after some reflection I am going to write and review and try to keep it short and to the point as i  can. \n\nVisited here on a busy downtown night after leaving a show with a couple visting from out of town, hadn't read previous reviews, but we were hungry, we all liked sushi, and all liked trying new places...\n\nFor a busy downtown night with the parking lots across the street packed--this place was completely EMPTY except employees.  When we walked in the employees and manager were laid back chatting it up at the bar.  After standing there for a few the manager asks if we were dining in and we requested to look around before we made a decision...Went upstairs and the other hand full of employees were horse playing and giggling.  We decide to eat there and brush all of the laxness on it being a slow night.\n\n\nAs we are coming back down to be seated one of the ever so \"professional waitresses\"; pushes past us to get a better look and my friend's husband...As in looks him up and down, then down and up, then turns around as she passes to give a very coy smile.. any woman reading this should know the type of looks I'm talking about one that you would expect your local prostitute to give especially at a man clearly there with his wife...  My husband brushes it off as a girl being \"young and silly\".  My friend is not amused and after the fact said she didn't want to make a scene while trying to enjoy their vacation.  I thought I was in the twilight zone and in my mind I'm thinking...\"Who does that when they are working?\"\n\nI keep things bubbly..We order drinks which were very good-just the right amount of kick.  We ordered appetizers which were nothing to write home about and took forever to get to the table.  We decided that we would rather take our guests somewhere we had been before and  that we knew they would enjoy the food.  \n\nWe all got up and ventured to the RR since we had a good walk to the car.  I would have given them 2 stars at this point..However once we were away from the restaurant, had dinner elsewhere, and were safely at home...My friend's husband shares that waitress mentioned above-sent male waiter in RR to give him her phone number?!?!?! I can appreciate him for waiting until we were safely home to prevent WWIII from occurring in Kalu.\n\nAm am disgusted and will not be returning.