I was seriously impressed with how accommodating the manager (Ryan) was in hosting an event I planned - the Savage Saturday Metal Meetup - at Fish in the Spotlight. For starters, he responded immediately to my Facebook message inquiry at 10PM and followed up with a phone call less than 1 minute later. Ryan offered to let us take over a private karaoke room and was gracious enough to let everyone pay separately with separate checks (I asked in advance because this is extremely important to me!).    \n\nThe night of the event, Ryan and the Fish in the Spotlight staff greeted me immediately and were prepared to host our group. Our event coincided with FITS open bar special, which was offered every Friday and Saturday night for the month of June from 9-10PM with a $5 minimum purchase. While our group didn't get to take advantage of this special as much as we wanted to, it's safe to say mostly everyone got at least 2 drinks each. Our group of 13 all trickled in at different times, but the staff did a decent job at checking in and seeing if we were okay. \n\nOREO TEMPURA ($6): I only got dessert since I wasn't too hungry. The oreos tasted great! Not a big fan of the ice cream though. Two drafts of Sapporo complemented my meal 4\/5  \n\nVIBE: There's a beer pong table by the bar and karaoke is available. Everyone was pleasantly surprised at the wide selection of music that was offered. They had Slipknot and the Deftones for goodness sake! We didn't take advantage of the karaoke ($35 per hour), maybe next time. The bathrooms cracked me up. Posters of Channing Tatum and David Beckham plastered the walls, even in the stall! I was told the men's bathroom only had one lonely poster of some random female. Sorry boys lol. \n\nSERVICE: The manager goes above and beyond to make sure you're happy. I think we overwhelmed them with all the separate checks, but they made it work! There was a waitress-in-training helping us that night, so she was still learning the ropes.   \n\nWorth a Return Visit?\nI'd like to come back and try more of the menu. Another meetup here is in the works!\n\nYELP 100 CHALLENGE 2015: #152