If there was anything that has changed my perspective, it was that fateful day ziplining over Bootleg Canyon. I've never done anything this risky before. I hate rollercoasters, and I hate even more water park slides, so I avoid them. But for some odd reason, the thought of zipping like Batman (\"I'm Batman.\") in the canyons was much more forgiving. \n\nNow, let me add that there was only 1 cable and the wheely truck thing keeping me from falling to the depths of my death. My very first time ziplining and I'd hover thousands of feet over any kind of (Rough) landing. To give you an idea, there are mountain biking trails in that canyon that are crazy steep and rocky, and are some of the toughest in the country -- Double Black Diamond mountain biking trails. In fact, before you zipline, they make you sign a waiver which excuses the business in case of any accidents like injury, or even worse, death! \n\nThey divide the course into 4 separate ziplining routes. You zip down as a pair. The first time I got on scared the heeby-jeebies out of me. But after the first round, I was pumped and ready to take on the rest. The coolest thing about ziplining here was that this was true ziplining. You could control your speed to go hella fast, and you had brakes to slow down if needed. The Fremont ziplines don't even have brakes and you couldn't go faster than 30 mph. At Bootleg, we could reach max speeds of 100 mph! When you're going down, all you feel is the wind rushing past you and the breathtaking view all around you. \n\nAt first I was scared to look down, but it's all in the mind. All I had to do was change my perspective: I'm not falling -- I'm FLYING!  And the rest was history. I opened my eyes to the magnificent birds-eye-view and witnessed first-hand the beauty of the canyon and mountains around me. I've never felt so free in my life, and it was one of the most liberating things I've done. Definitely worth the $150 but my friend and I got a $15 off discount through the 24\/7 mini-mags you can find in any Vegas taxi cab. \n\nYes, definitely a must-do when visiting Vegas. And you'll feel much more alive afterwards!