This is an upscale (expensive) Greek restaurant in the Cosmo. It's all white and modern and nice. There's a small bar area and an outdoor patio overlooking the Strip, in addition to the main dining area. Reservations are strongly recommended. \n\nThey do have a prix fixe menu, but they won't automatically give it to you. Our server's face literally fell and grimaced when we asked for the prix fixe menu. Prix fixe = you paying less for your meal. You get about half the portion with the prix fixe menu, but you pay half the price. And it's a great way to be able to experience more menu items. For dinner, it's under $50 a person for 3-courses. For an additional $35 you can add a wine pairing (wines by the glass are on the high-end of $$$ here). So we considered the prix fixe with wine pairing a pretty good deal. \n\nThere are two options for each prix fixe menu course, so we made sure to each order different items. Again, a great way to experience more of the menu. We had the crab cake, octopus, filet, fish, walnut pie, and baklava. We also ordered a side of tzatziki. \n\nI highly recommend getting the side of tzatiki. It's delicious and pairs well with the complimentary bread. The desserts were underwhelming and not worth it. The octopus was our favorite dish and quite delicious. Everything on that plate was wonderful. The crab cake was beautifully presented and tasty. The filet was good perfectly and very tender. The fish was also cooked perfectly, but lacked flavor. The octopus was really the greatest thing we ate here. Everything else was pretty forgettable.\n\nWhile we enjoyed our experience here, the food (at least what we had) wasn't worth the price. And our server basically snubbed us once we opted for the prix fixe. The tables next to us (who didn't ask for the prix fixe menu) had entirely different service than us. Not cool.\n\nLunch seems like the better option for this spot. I'd be willing to come back and try some other options. But more likely, I'll sit at the bar and have some octopus and tzatziki.