While visiting Vegas, it is easy to get swept up in all the glitz and glamour of the Las Vegas Strip, but don't let that stop you from exploring other food destinations outside the neon lights. S&P is located on a second floor of an unassuming plaza. It has a lot of open space, a few separate areas to dine and lounge. I decided to sit at the bar and enjoy the semi-inebriated chatter of other patrons. \n\nFor my drink, I chose the \"I Believe\" made with Wild Turkey 101 Bourbon, Elderflower Liqueur, and Pineapple Gomme. At first sip the drink was quite perfect, but as I kept sipping it throughout the night, it kept getting a lot more sweeter. At the end, I couldn't really finish it. \n\nI decided to try some of the more adventurous dishes on the menu starting with the Snail Wellington. Little puff pastry wrapped escargot with garlic and parsley. You could pretty much serve me a bucket of these and I would be very, very happy. This was followed by the Venison Tartare with cherry mostarda, quail egg yolk, and a sprinkle of white chocolate. The meat itself was well cut, albeit having a few pieces still connected, but the flavor was getting muddled by the sweetness of the mostarda and white chocolate. The dish needed a lot more salt and black pepper. For the last dish, I hesitantly ordered the Carrot Risotto which came highly recommended by the barwoman. The rice was very well cooked, but the overall dish was nothing but sweetness. It lacked any sort of balance and seemed incredibly one note. The artichoke hearts on the dish were canned and so were the pieces of black truffle. I made that very clear by only having two bites of it and setting aside the rest as well as mentioning it to her when asked if I enjoyed it. Even getting a confirmation of all the canned items.  \n\nWhen the check came, I was a little surprised to still see the risotto on the bill, but decided that it wasn't worth a conversation. Although I'm sure there are plenty of other establishments that wouldn't even dare to charge for it.