Anticipating the typical ridiculously long wait at another Korean BBQ hotspot on Spring Mountain, my group settled on going here instead expecting a good experience without as long a wait. We got what we wanted.\n\nMa Gal BBQ is one of the newer KBBQ joints in Las Vegas. They are located on their own, spacious parking lot across Spring Mountain from Chinatown Plaza, and they are easy enough to spot while driving by that I knew exactly where to go due to my occasional travel along this road. Note that there isn't an all you can eat option, which means that they're able to afford to serve higher-quality meat.\n\nWe had a group of 6, and I arrived to find one friend already seated and the servers seemingly patient to accommodate the rest of our party. I'm glad we're not a group of NFL linebackers or whatnot because they gave us a booth that would normally sit 4. I also constantly found myself unnerved by the unusually low table. Failing to find purchase for resting my elbows, I ended up using the narrow ledge on the divider for one elbow so that I could put myself at some ease. I know people praise the decor a lot, but the ergonomics leave something to be desired.\n\nAfter we got a sufficient number of our party seated (one guy was running late), we got started with the food. They had already laid out the banchan and most of the condiments, and they cooked the meat fairly attentively, loading raw meat, turning half-cooked meat, rotating the grill plates, cutting pieces, and unloading finished product as necessary. We did pull some meats ourselves early, so it wasn't quite to the extent of having a cook standing there the entire time, but it was very helpful.\n\nWe enjoyed the following:\n\nBamboo Cold Noodles ($9.99) - we had these soups split into two portions for sharing, but we still got hefty portions of a somewhat sweet treat of green noodles that were very difficult to separate and lift. But once you got a mouthful, you couldn't help but keep slurping (or trying to slurp) those soft strings of goodness. I didn't even mind the lack of meat in this particular dish.\n\nPork Combo ($51.99 small size): pork skirt, knife-tenderized pork belly, special pork neck, marinated pork collar (chosen over spicy marinated skirt), prawns, boneless short rib sushi, soybean paste soup w\/ beef brisket. Pork belly stood out the most, followed by the pork collar \n\nBeef Combo ($98.99 large size): beef skirt, prime beef brisket, prime beef boneless short rib sushi (chosen over prime beef rib eye), marinated prime short rib, prawns, boneless short rib sushi, soybean paste soup w\/ beef brisket. We started with the beef brisket, which was tender and tasty but not the most spectacular piece that I've had in the local KBBQ scene. That observation turned into a pattern with just about everything else - great but not stellar. The short rib \"sushi\" was solid but not especially something to write home about. The marinated meats in general stood out more for me than the rest.\n\nIn terms of the items found in both combos, I will say that the tofu and brisket soup was pretty addictive, and the shrimp was grilled head-on and were enjoyable (including the head pieces), but those aren't the reason you usually go to these kinds of restaurants. Also, there are egg and cheese corn available in wells specially built into the grills, and both were enjoyable bites.\n\nComplimentary S'mores Dessert: at the very end of the meal, they brought out stacks of two rice crackers, each with a small chunk of Hershey's chocolate, and skewers with hefty marshmallows on them. They uncovered the fire and instructed us to roast those suckers, and I will admit that my technique could've benefitted from a handheld torch or something. I did get some browning, but I had to pull it away lest the marshmallow fall off the skewer.\n\nThat reminds me: I really liked their variant of the ubiquitous metal chopsticks. These have flat sides, unlike the perfectly round implements that I've had to use everywhere else. The struggle to keep the chopsticks still between bites was real, but not here. You can have peace of mind setting them down for once. Also contained in metal: steamed white rice, which is complimentary upon request. They don't offer rice paper, but I never really had KBBQ with that stuff anyway.\n\nIt's indeed not the best Korean BBQ in town, and it's not really cheaper than its competitors (I'm actually still a bit hungry), but Magal is still a worthwhile option if you want some solid full-service non-AYCE BBQ at peak dinner hours, especially with minimal wait time. Or if you actually want to watch TV on the TVs, such as the Thunder vs. Warriors game that was on tonight.