I got a storage here when they first opened as extra space storage. Originally they gave me the best rate at the time, I was 3 months pregnant and needed a place as soon as possible. I had no complaints up until last month when I called and asked them to waive the late fee of $20. Now 3 months prior to this they raised my rate $10 out of the blue. So I called to ask Ryan if he could reverse the fee, he was rude, basically asked me how long I was going to be staying there, like he wanted me out. Asking me questions in which were irrelevant to my late fee.  At that moment I knew I was getting out before I paid again. After I gave him attitude back asking why any of what he was asking matters, he says \"I'll waive the fee,  would you like to pay over phone. \" which I couldn't because I was on break at work and had to rush off the phone so I told him I'd pay online. He said to just wait an hour it should be posted. I finally check not posted look again 2 days later, still nothing.  So I call back on Monday a different guy answers, I tell him the situation and he says he doesn't have the authority to waive the fee, but he will let Ryan know, and I should hear from him the end of that day or Tuesday morning.  NOTHING, granted I'm trying to pay for the storage and take care of business and I have to keep calling, almost like he wants me to give up and just pay it. So I call the next day, which was a tuesday, literally from when I woke up til they closed, I called probably about 15 to 20 times that day, I even left a voice mail,  called off my work phone, NO phone call was returned. I have a 2 month old baby at this point, working full time , I'm very busy.  So Wednesday I decided to call, it was about 11:30, Ryan decides to answer I'm like hey remember me, you were supposed to waive my fee, says nothing but Oh Francesca, I'll call you back and we'll discuss what we talked about the other day. (THERE IS NOTHING TO DISCUSS!) I waited all day for a call nothing, I go down there with my 2 month baby, pull up to the gate try to enter my code 3 times, locks me out. I walk inside and look it's Ryan stuffing his face with chips, \"sorry I didn't call you back, we were really busy.\" Yea you look reallly busy pal.I paid we didnt speak after he took my cresit card.He has poor management skills, and gave me the run around, I was out a week later. Just because of him, I will NEVER get a storage here again or refer them.