5\/12\/10\n\nCame in to try some happy hour eats (Fibber Magee's offers 50% off all apps and flatbreads between 4p and 7p).  To begin my dining experience, I found the darkness in the pub to be overwhelming (a word I'd rather use in this context is \"oppressing,\" but I'm trying to lighten up!).  I wouldn't have minded so much (as I could've sat closer to the door left ajar, which allowed light to come in), but then the music blaring out of the speakers overhead was just too much!  To compound the situation, the song selections were either U2 (which I liked) or jarring Irish punk rock (which I don't), most of which were of the latter.  :(  Perhaps I should've walked away after making these observations, but I've had FM bookmarked for at least six years now, and I wanted to get it over with.\n\nAfter many inquiries about food preparation, the bread used (which company?  specific ingredients used?), etc., I decided I'd go w\/ the crabcakes and the braised rib sliders.  The crabcakes (topped w\/ roasted red peppers and garnished w\/ wasabi and mustard mayo, the latter I opted out) also came w\/ a side mixed greens salad and a citrus vinaigrette. While this dish wasn't the best-looking of all the dishes I had that afternoon- don't let the pic of the bread pudding fool you, it was the best-tasting, but this isn't saying much.  I didn't care for the watered-down flavor of the citrus vinaigrette, and frankly, the crabcakes had enough flavor, so the lack of dressing wasn't a big deal.  I don't know if I'd order them again, though...  What was a big let-down was the braised shortrib sliders' dish.  Now these sliders looked fantastic, but the shortrib pieces were so sinewy and\/or fatty, that, as much as I tried, I couldn't chew through any!  I really wanted to like these, bec. of those gorgeous-looking fried onion strings that sat on top of each slider.  Thankfully, my server offered to swap them for something else, and it was w\/ a little sadness that I said goodbye to those onion strings :'(\n\nLately, mussels haven't appealed to me, so my server's suggestion to try FM's wasn't giving me much hope.   Surprisingly, these mussels tasted OK, and the price is right (for happy hour), and if I weren't already not disappointed in the darkness of the pub; the loudness of the music's volume; and the sub-par quality of the shortribs, I may have enjoyed them more.  With the hope of finding something good to write about, I ordered the bread pudding.  (At this point, I should've just given up.)\n\nThe bread pudding dish, which you'd think, looking at the pics I took, would taste good,  was a disaster!  It was dark in the pub, yes, but the dish looked like they just placed slices of bread down, showered them w\/ dried cranberries, and poured some white chocolate sauce.  Something was amiss- was it even baked?  How was it prepared?  There wasn't enough cream sauce to cover most of the bread.  I was told that the bread was indeed soaked in the cream, and then baked, but this bread pudding had to be the worst I've ever tried.  The pics looked great, but don't be fooled...  \n\nThe server was friendly, and most of the stars reflect her attempts to appease me, but I didn't enjoy my experience there, and would never recommend this place to anyone.