I eaten a lot of burritos over the years, and the last time i tried z-teca was a least a year and a half ago. I heard they had new management and staff so I thought I would give it another shot.\n\nI ordered a burrito bowl, basically a burrito without the tortilla which turned out to be a mountainous pile of rice, a large tablespoon of beef, a tiny sprinkle of cheese, and poor array of toppings. The servers don't tell you about the other toppings unless it's extra. Oh, you want corn, that's $1 more, oh you want guacamole, that's another dollar. Too many of the toppings have onions, why can't I have some tomatoes without onions? onions in the back beans, onions in Guacamole, onions in the salsa, so when you go back to work, everyone's eyes water when you talk to them. I suspect the over abundance of onions is to compensate for the lack of flavor in everything. It's just not cutting it.\n\nWhere are the toppings?  Refried or Black Beans? Green Peppers? Jalapenos? Tomatoes? Cilantro? choices of Cheeses? Sauces? Chipotle, Hot, Lime?\n\nI have to say the meat portioning is pathetic. I mean really, a $10 burrito with 3 oz of cheap meats is insulting. It's not like the meat is fillet, or sirloin. These are poor cuts of meat cooked all day to make them tasty. The only redeeming quality is the meat does have a little flavor. The other burrito places put anywhere between 10% and 50% more meat. And it's not just the meat, it's the whole unbalanced taste of the whole thing. Rice, rice, and more rice whether it's a burrito or a burrito bowl.\n\nI wish this place was better, I truly do. But it's just not. I feel ripped off every time I eat here. A big pile of rice with prison rationing of meat, and onions in everything make this a no go. \n\nEveryday I walk by z-teca and it's mostly empty. It's like management is completely oblivious that they have a problem, and it's the food\/value proposition. I feel sorry for the place. I just want to call Ramsey to get in there a fix it. Another interesting observation is they never have anything cooking or on the stove. It's strange, it's like it's just there for show. I asked others that go there, and they said they've never seem anything cooking either. weird.\n\nThere are 7 other burrito places in a 2-3 block radius including Quesada on Wellington, Burrito Bandidos on Peter,  Burrito Boys on Adelaide, FreshWest in the Simcoe Place and in TD food court, and Chipotle mexican just opened on Front and University.  A little further out is Mucho Burrito.  I suggest you try the other contenders for a tastier, more balanced and better value experience.