To describe this briefly, it's like what you'd get if Viva Las Arepas actually tasted good.\n\nI was excited to try Rika Arepa Express when Amanda M. told me how good they were, and my eyes grew wide when I heard that they'd be at Bad Beat Brewing in Henderson, just minutes from my place. They were supposed to be there at 5:30pm, and I arrived around 5:40, but the food truck took until 6:00 to arrive and about 6:20 to park, fire up their stoves, etc.\n\nMy long wait was rewarded the moment I bit into my #1 Pabellon. The sweet plantains hit first with their warmth, their soft yet not mushy texture, and of course their sweetness. They made me regret not getting the combo, which comes with lots of sweet plantains. The shredded beef hit my taste buds next, delighting them with savory flavor. The black beans actually tasted good too, and the melted mozzarella was great. Encompassing all of its fillings, the arepa itself was a cornmeal flatbread (I love corn, by the way)with a crisp, browned exterior and a soft interior, and it easily stayed intact until the end. The arepa and the foil wrapping turned out to be so hot that I'm pretty sure my fingers received first-degree burns. My mouth didn't care one bit.\n\nSince I decided to sit truck-side, they offered me squeeze bottles of green creamy cilantro and spicy (read: medium-ish) smoky red sauces. The pabellon arepa was possibly good enough without these sauces, but just a squeeze or two of each (or both at once) every couple of bites really enhances the flavor profile.\n\nOne arepa is huge enough (and, at $7 post-tax, is a good value), but I also ordered the #2 La Sureña with grilled chicken, smoked sausage, and avocado. It was almost as good as my Pabellon. The juicy flavor of the marinated\/herbed chicken, the sweetness of the sausage, and the creaminess of the avocado all blended harmoniously with the hot and structurally sound arepa (serious props, this was over half an hour into the meal). Just minutes after I'd already enjoyed a masterpiece and while I was still full, my taste buds were again pleased. I'd recommend trying both, although you should consider sharing them with a friend (bring a knife or something).\n\nI also had the parchita, or passion fruit juice ($2). It's pretty much the same as the Peruvian maracuya or any other juice made from real passion fruit that's had the seeds strained. It's sweet and has its own unique, almost incomparable flavor. It tastes like passion fruit. Yeah, that's the best description I can give, sue me. I enjoyed the parchita so thoroughly while waiting for my arepas and during the meal that I had to get a refill to-go ($1, in the original cup). The refill - most of it, anyway - is sitting in my fridge now and waiting for my taste buds to give in.\n\nAmanda M. and my other fellow Yelpers have it right. These guys are absolutely amazing. I think they're easily a contender for best food truck in Vegas, and they easily top Viva Las Arepas in the not-very-saturated arepas category. Make it a mission to find these guys at least once and I have no doubt that you'll be happy with your food.