This is an update from my previous visit on 9\/30\/13. I went back to the restaurant on 6\/5\/2014 while on business yet with my niece's husband that was a local in Phoenix. Like the first time, I went to lunch and had the bleu ribbon burger on my mind.\n\nAfter arriving, Sammy greeted me almost immediately and remembered me from last year. I noted to him that I was in town for lunch and had hoped to try the bleu ribbon burger, to which he noted that he had changed the menu and had taken the bleu ribbon burger off of the menu. He recommended a pizza for myself and niece's husband to share, to which I accepted.\n\nThe pizza was quite good! Not too heavy, not too light and definitely not greasy at all. It was a standard pepperoni and sausage pizza that was cut into eight pieces. The presentation of the pizza as well as the flavor really lightened the mood as well fulfilled my appetite. Along with unsweetened iced tea, this made for a good lunch.\n\nAn additional server asked if we would like desserts. Although I absolutely never order desserts (especially on lunch) due to the sugar content, I made an exception this time out. Its just hard to say no when you have at least three dozen selections of cakes encased in the glass cabinet directly over my shoulder from where we were sitting in the restaurant. I ordered a delectable chocolate mousse cake (not the one with peanut butter), which was served with whipped cream and green mint garnish on the side as well as with two small berries. As expected, the dessert was phenomenal! So good, in fact, that I couldn't finish all of it due to how rich it was with the chocolate. Well worth the $$$ for dessert. Among the best that I've ever tasted.\n\nI was finally able to meet Amy this time, who came out of the kitchen to greet the two of us as well as give thanks for our business. Sammy was incredible, as expected. Very candid and likable, Sammy took the time to converse with us both about the food selections as well as the show that was featured with Gordon Ramsey. He recommended for us to view the follow up show, of which I noted that I would.\n\nAll and all, I felt very comfortable in this establishment. The food is absolutely exceptional both in its presentation as well as quality. I've had two very good experiences here for lunch, and my niece's husband even commented that he enjoyed the food + the venue. On both occasions, I arrived here with an open mind without bias (from the show) and was not disappointed. Even more so, it is refreshing to be around down to Earth proprietors such as Sammy & Amy Bouzaglo. Great conversation, and Sammy even posed for pictures with me, which I thought was pretty cool. 5-stars.