Behold the world's largest and fanciest Bennie's! This is the only Bennie's in Las Vegas so pay close attention -\n\nLocated inside of the old school Westgate Hotel, on the Casino floor, once you arrive you will be surprised by this unexpected restaurant oasis! If you choose to do self-parking, make sure to park closest to the \"Sports Book\" which will give you a straight forward, short walk to the restaurant.\n\nThis is the most luxurious location I have ever been to. They are boasted as the largest Bennie's in the world and designed to replicate a small indoor village! They have 2 stories, fitted with separate \"chef's table\" dining rooms and also lounges with access to gorgeous views of custom rooftops on faux buildings. Upon leaving the dining rooms, you're immersed in an indoor Japanese garden; the entire space is adorned with a variety of eye-catching props such as: dangling red lanterns, shutters, bridges and my favorite LED fireworks dancing on the backsplash of the town. They even go as far as incorporating a dramatic waterfall and a rock garden creek. It's truly a random casino getaway. So peaceful!\n\nAlright, I'm going to go ahead and say it - I like Benihana's and I'm not embarrassed about it! I actually enjoy dining at the cliché \"chef's table\" and the food isn't as terrible as most people make it out to be! Granted, you have to know what to order and stick to it! Once you venture off to uncharted menu territory - you're on your own bland journey.\n\nI'll give you tips based on trial and error: Stick to the steaks (New York or filet mignon) and the colossal shrimp is always winning! I always order the Splash & Meadow combo $39.50, it comes with a small grilled shrimp appetizer and also a small side of grilled sweet onion & zucchini. The combo also comes with a side salad with house miso dressing and an onion broth soup that is cooked for 6 hours - Intense! Make sure to get your steak medium, since it tends to come out well - but if you like your meat bloody like I do, ask for it rare and it will get to you medium (there's a small percentage of it actually getting to you rare.) *shrugs* - don't forget to add a chicken & egg fried rice for $6. The fried rice is super simple but the garlic butter they use could make a boot taste amazing - I love the fried rice! $6 is expensive for a small bowl, but it makes me happy! If you're ballsy, demand that the chef add more butter! I'm sure the rest of the table won't mind. More is more!\n\nDon't bother with the hibachi chicken combos or sushi! I've had both and they are extremely disappointing. The spicy chicken hibachi combo for $25.95 looked pretty good, but the spicy sauce is bland and the chicken is somehow always overcooked to smithereens and dry as cardboard. The sushi is lacking thought; I recall the rolls having lots of rice and being horribly dry!\n\nIf you like it saucy like I do, make sure to get extra miso salad dressing on the side and use that as a dip for your steak and shrimp - delicious! It's so much better than their other 2 standard dipping sauces. Also for the spice advocates, ask for a side of the diablo sauce which is their house spicy mayo with a real kick! I love dabbing a little bit on my protein, it wakes up all of the flavors wonderfully!\n\nThey will forever do the same onion volcano, train, shrimp and heart fried rice trick; true, the hibachi show may be played out, but I always get a kick out of it and think about Chris Farley as a Hibachi Chef in Beverly Hills Ninja! Freaking hilarious! THE BEST MOVIE SCENE ever!\n\nhttps:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=raIdZiSZ970\n\n\nSure, the chef's table is always crammed and it's totally awkward sitting with a table full of strangers - but it's Vegas! Why not spark conversation with people from all around the world - don't be shy! It's fun learning about where people are from, their Vegas itinerary, and also partaking in other bizarre topics of discussion. Don't be that guy whose face planted in his (delicious) fried rice and not a smile to be seen even when everyone is having fun and engaging him! Yeah. That guy? He's having a terrible time AND he sucks.\n\nPRO TIP: sign up for their email club to get your $30 birthday credit! Not to sound like a cheapo or anything, but that's the only way to dine here! It also comes with a complimentary birthday ice-cream and if you're lucky, maybe even a cringing birthday song dedicated to you from your table companions!