More than a few people have mentioned their hesitancy to try Thai Gourmet due to it being located in a strip mall. What makes this funny is that not only is this area a white collar business district where doctors and lawyers eat lunch, but nearly everything else is this strip mall is a restaurant of some sort as well. Gone are the days when people should be afraid to eat in a strip mall as there are many high-class restaurants that hide in joints that don't look too fancy. Thai Gourmet is not exact of that high-class strip mall category but it certainly isn't a dive. The interior and ambiance are nice enough that you can take a date there and not be embarrassed or feel like you've gone too authentic. \n\nAs far as our actual dining experience.... upon walking in for the first time, I began to think twice about our choice of dining when we looked upon a ghost town. It was a prime dining hour on a weekend and not a single soul was in sight. This is generally not a good sign. However, I've had this same experience at Bac (one of my favorite restaurants in the Cleveland area) so we didn't abandon our plan. \n\nOur server was an elderly white man who was not extremely attentive or friendly considering we were his only table to worry about. He had a strike against him as a white male in a Thai restaurant already but he otherwise may have made up for that in personality - however, he never even made the attempt. \n\nAs far as the food is concerned, my wife and I ordered the Thai Potstickers ($7) as an appetizers and then shared our main dishes which were the Green Curry  with chicken ($12) and something called Governor Chicken ($12). The Potstickers themselves were slightly odd in flavor, however, the cucumbers and sauce they were served in were delightful and I would have actually preferred it as a cucumber salad minus the potstickers. The Green Curry had very good flavor and just the right amount of heat - however, I have two minor complaints: the curry was too watery, and they used regular garden peas rather than a more Asian option like sugar peas. Normal American peas make me think of a Mormon mom's casserole, not a Thai Green Curry. The Governor Chicken was okay but tasted much like the sweet entrees you'd find at a Chinese buffet - a little too sugary and certainly not homemade.\n\nOverally, I was moderately satisfied with our meal but probably won't make this a regular choice for dining out as it was slightly too expensive for the quality of food we got and the service was hardly inviting.