I am saddened to be writing this review, however the service I received is important for others to be aware of. I first reached out to Protect-A-Child Pool Fence about a year ago and received a quote. Due to other life events, we had to put off installation until most recently. I contacted Marty, who is very helpful. He came out quickly, confirmed the pool design and scheduled the install for 10am. The very next day, I received an email from Protect-A-Child offering a $100 off.  The day before the install Dane (the owner) called and told me the install would not be until noon. He also mentioned that he was hoping I would reschedule all together, since he was going out of town or something. It was muffled, so I didn't get all his personal life stuff going on. He made a comment that he was hoping I didn't want it right away but was hoping for later. When I brought up the $100 off, he said that is not something he is participating in, but would off me $50. At first I accepted it, but upon review of the email again, I find it very concerning he stated he is not participating in a deal when his company's phone number is on the email. Additionally I received at least 6 emails on this deal over a week time. Anyways, the install day come. Since our install was moved to noon, I went to drop off my husband lunch at 11, returning home by 1130am. I quickly got the dogs locked up, gate opened, and everything read for my install. It was not until I walked out to check my mail, did I notice a business card on my front door from Protect-A-Child. Apparently they had shown up at 1115am. Obviously they did not wait around since they were ahead of schedule, since I was back home by 1130am. There was also no call\/voice message left that they were running head of schedule. Dane the current owner DOES NOT COMMUNICATE well. Marty (the previous owner), does communicate to the best of his ability and I am sure if he was still running the company out install never would have gotten so messed up nor would we have been treated with disrespect. Anyways, as soon as i saw the card I called and left voice messages on the number on the back (the installer) and the number on the front (the owner). The installed did call me back (45 mins later) and said that maybe they could get out to me later that evening after 4pm, but to call the office the following week to reschedule. I have still yet to receive a call back from the owner. Unfortunately I could not do after 4pm, as we had family photos scheduled at that time . I also called and left a voice message for Marty, who did call me back. He was very apologetic and stated that Dane the owner had broken\/lost his phone a few days prior and was only available via text. I don't know of any business owner who would go that long with out access to a phone. Interesting how Dane didn't mention that to me when he changed my time the night before. Come to find out, talking with Marty, other customers had called with similar issue, no installed showing up for there apt at 10am and it was noon, etc. Why on earth would the installed come to my house first if I was a scheduled at noon and yet the person before me had not received there install. Sounds like a pretty messed up schedule. If I wanted to reschedule the earliest they could reschedule me, was 2 weeks out. WOW! After I had already had a scheduled time, and had it changed on me, they wanted me to trust that the 3rd time they would get it right. Sorry! No Thank you! Any business where the owner cant return a phone call, or manage the schedule effectively, does not deserve my business. I recommend anyone doing business with them, be very careful and don't put any money down until the people have arrived and\/or the job is installed. Who knows if they will even show up, but they may or may not communicate to you changes in there schedule etc. I am glad my husband would not allow us to continue doing business with Protect-A-Child.