So once I filled up my flask of goldschlager last night, I headed off to go see the Besnard Lakes at Modified. It was a typically vacant concert at Modified like most I have been to.\n\nThis is partially do to good reason as this place is a terrible venue for a concert. The band and crowd have to be very small to enjoy a concert . The place is extremely small, the stage very low, and every spot in the venue is uncomfortably close and awkward. The band also has to be packing their own equipment because the sound there is terrible.\n\nMy worst experience with the sound there was actually a packed beyond capacity night when Clap Your Hands Say Yea and the National came. This was part due to CYHSY being one of the worst live bands in existence, part due to the frontman's god awful voice, but also heavily due to the house PA that crackled and breaked and blurted unevenly as he belted his patented cat-in-a-meat-grinder vocals.\n\nBut now in the present they are making strides to make this place less of a shithole. They finished giving the outside a slick new look with some corregated metal and some new windows. They are now switching their focus inside which means unfortunately no art right now, which is usually the best thing about going to a show there.\n\nThe two house speakers also appear to have been upgraded because the sound for Besnard Lakes (fuckin trippy man) and Starvin Hungry when combined with the bands' own equipment was great.\n\nThe other main issue of course is their complete lack of alcohol. However, I found out in an interview I had at Dial (of all places) that you can bring in your own. The guy I was interviewing with was in a band that played there sometimes and said you can bring in closed cans. (I didn't get the job by the way, don't talk about alcohol in an interview kids) Last night I asked a guy who worked there and he said the policy is that they don't allow you to bring alcohol in, but if they can't tell its alcohol they won't care. But now with the Lost Leaf and Roosevelt within walking distance you can always get a fix between sets if you don't want to bring alcohol there on your own.\n\nThis place, like many in Phoenix, reminds me of a great spot in Tucson that somehow the \"superior\" city managed to royally screw up.  In this case its Solar Culture, the Tucson arthouse\/music venue where they freely and openly allow you to bring in alcohol. People go there with backpacks of booze. It's awesome. It is also much larger and taller with a raised stage and better sound system and way more art.\n\nModified gets 2 stars as a music venue. 4 stars as an art gallery. Averaged to 3.