Las Vegas has the honor of being called the Ninth Island. With that honor the Las Vegas Valley offers honorable Hawaiian Barbecue restaurants. However, this L&L Hawaiian Barbecue (abbreviated L&L) is not one of them. One of the honorable Hawaiian Barbecue restaurants in Las Vegas that I appreciated  to in this location here two times, it is obvious that every L&L is not the same.\n\n   This freestanding L&L franchise  is by the shadow of the Galleria Mall in the Target shopping center at the northwest corner of Sunset Road and Stephanie Street. The restaurant's window actually faces the Galleria's Dillard's. Being that this location is in the shadow of a regional mall, it is convenient to a large population. But in my case, it is convenient to the Henderson Bird Viewing Preserve. And the two times that I dined here, which was a Sunday afternoon, it was on the drive back from the bird viewing preserve.\n \n  My meal of choice had been the mini plate of Hawaiian barbecue chicken (kind of ironic eating this after a bird viewing preserve) that includes macaroni salad and white rice. I'd complement it with a fountain Pepsi that came out to $9.30. \n\n  L&L is not a fast food restaurant where the customer orders then the food is instantaneously ready. Here, the gap between ordering and picking up the food is approximately ten minutes. Before picking up my food, I stopped by the Pepsi fountain to fill up my cup. According to this L&L's written policy, there is a sign stating that you are only permitted to refill the cup one time. When you take into consideration that a growing number of restaurants offer Freestyle machines with bottomless refills, this policy makes the restaurant appear stingy. So, with one of my two allowed fill ups from the Pepsi fountain machine, I settled at a table overlooking the fish tank. \n\n  When I picked up the food, the plate it did not seem to hold the large portions that Hawaiian Barbecue restaurants such as Ross.J, Aloha, and the Serene Avenue L&L had served me. On the other side of the token, the portion wasn't small either. Whether the portion is humongous, medium, or small; the way I delight in Hawaiian barbecue chicken is covering it with schierarcha sauce. And the way I delight in Hawaiian barbecue white rice is covering it with soy sauce. Ultimately, the way I delight in Hawaiian barbecue macaroni salad is to just dig in and savoir every minute of it. As I mentioned in my review of the Serene Avenue L&L and other Hawaiian barbecue restaurants, I cherish their macaroni salad. I saved the macaroni salad for last ending the meal on a high note both times.\n\n In my opinion, this L&L is Three Stars. My reality is that there are Four Star Hawaiian Barbecue restaurants nearby. For example two of them that are just a couple of miles west on Sunset Road. They are Ross. J in the Smith's-anchored shopping center at Mountain Vista Street and Aloha Hawaiian Barbecue at the corner of Pecos Road.