Not sure how many stars to go with here. Food is good, but service is worse than terrible, so this review is for the service only.  This is a very small place (which I will harp on) so there is absolutely no way to miss anyone who has been seated. \n\n1) Sat and waited for water ( busser looked at us and walked by half a dozen times and never brought any)\n2) Completely ignored by the server(3 tables and 1 booth had people).  This place is small enough to be able to talk to anyone from where you are sitting, so there is no way to miss someone has been seated.\n3) Finally came over to get our drink order which by this time we knew what we wanted and we're ready to order (by the way, you get bread w\/ 2 small plates for the oil and pepper)\n4) Didn't take our food order, just the drink order.  Our menus were down and any server worth their money would have known we were ready to order\n5) Took way too long to get our drinks - Ice Tea for cripes sake\n6) Once the drinks came he wanted to know if we needed any time to look over the menu - really?!\n7) Food took so long we were wondering if they were rolling out the dough, waiting for it to rise, roll out again so they could make the noodles\n8) Heaven forbid you want a refill on your drink, which we had to get his attention for\n9) Checked on us one time\n10) Our dirty dishes sat on the table, he or the busser never took the dishes away to make room for our meals, so we had to  squeeze room for him to put down our meal plates.  He didn't want to take them from me\n11) Finally  came over and we asked for to-go containers, which took so long to get we were wondering if someone had to run out and buy them\n12) Food in the containers, we sit and wait and wait and wait for our bill.\n\nYou would think we had ordered something complicated.  A chicken alfredo for my son and a salad for me.  The only reason we stayed is because he likes the food and he was taking his mother to dinner.\n\nThe server was so busy talking with the other guy that working wasn't something he or the busser knew how to do.  They are 20 feet away, I'm  trying get his attention, he keeps looking at me and nada.  We had 2 other parties come in 15 minutes after us, get taken care of and were done with their food and out the door before we could get a refill on drinks.\n\nI prefer not to go here because this is not the first time I have had to go with family and had such horrible service, but my son likes the food.  I would suggest doing carryout so you don't have to tip the server for such pathetic service. Told my son I'm not going back here, period.  Really, this place is so small that someone sitting at one of the high top tables in 'bar' would be able to talk to people on the opposite wall.  Busser and server has to walk past every table to get around.\n\nThe worst service I have ever had anywhere.  We'd come here to get food and some service, if I had known that I was supposed to get up and do his job, I would have.\nWe always tip on service and I didn't want to leave this guy a dime, he didn't earn it, but my son left him something anyway.\n\nThis should have been 45 minutes tops for dinner, but lasted 1.5 hours.  I would NEVER recommend this place to anyone for dining in.\nFor us this is a neighborhood restaurant, only 1mile down the street.  I've waited a few days to write this review because I was so disgusted at the disrespectful service.