In the interest of full disclosure, understand that I have a natural aversion to all things redneck. In fact, the second star is only because I try to reserve 1 star ratings for places that genuinely mistreat me, which they haven't done. Am I not merciful? AM I NOT MERCIFUUUUUL!?!?!?!?! Still, you can take the rest of this with a grain of salt. What I might hate about the place may be exactly what makes you a fan.\n\nMusic: Over-played, asinine generic Top-40 and hip-hop with trite lyrics (usually about doing the sort of things you're probably doing at \"da club\", but on a tighter budget) mixed awkwardly with contemporary country, i.e. the worst kind of country. All of which is played at a volume that leads one to wonder if Dale Jr. has some bizarre profit motive for rattling vital organs out of his customers' rib cages. \n\nDrinks: Standard variety of beer and spirits you'll find anywhere people go to get hammered. I don't remember anything noteworthy enough for praise or criticism. The prices were a little high but no more than what you should expect for uptown.\n\nAmenities: This is where Whisky River does best. The dance floor is pretty large and the bar is long enough that you MIGHT not have a sea of humanity separating you from the bartender each time you go for another drink. The floor to ceiling window looking down onto Trade Street is pretty cool too. The mechanical bull is, well...a mechanical bull. If you'll forgive the lazy tautology, it is what it is, a means of allowing (or tricking) hot drunk girls to be sexually provocative. As a straight male, it's kinda hard to criticize too much.\n\nClientele: Imagine a large group of out-of-town NASCAR fans of all ages who, in desperation for a big night out in an unfamiliar city, find themselves at a night club...on college night. Maybe throw in some townies in Ed Hardy shirts and pointy black leather shoes and there you have it.  \n\nSo if you can stand a couple hours of ear-splitting T-Pain, Nickelback, and Jason Aldean without envying the deaf this place may be for you. However, if you need me I'll be at Connolly's or Belfast Mill.