I've held off writing this review for a few months because I am so torn. I love this vet's location, handling staff and the groomer was decent too. But Josie HATES them, so I can't go back there in good conscience.  That doesn't mean you won't love Ingleside.\n\nI had two doctor's appointments at Ingleside, Both times I saw Dr. Rachel Bart. I brought Josie in two other times for Soft Paws application, as Ingleside is one of the only places in the valley that will do it (as long as you provide the Soft Paws)\n\nAt the end of the day, who likes getting a thermometer stuck up their rear? Anyone? I'm not sure why veterinarians offices won't just invest the $40 in one or two ear thermometers for those finicky pets who don't love anal probes. A butt thermometer was what started Josie off on the wrong foot, made her defensive and aggressive. \n\nI agree that the clinic is beautiful and spacious, and never smells bad, and moving to the exam room was usually a quick process. My single biggest complaint is that once Josie got defensive, the vet and a tech would wrap her in a towel and take her into the back, leaving me in the exam room. Not once did they perform their exam in front of me. Why even have an exam room? \n\nThe last time I was in there, they brought her back into the exam room and Dr. Bart told me they could not do the exam because she was so riled up. She went on to say that the last time I brought her in for Soft Paws, 4 techs had to hold her down to get the claw covers on. 4 people on 1 7lb cat. Let's imagine for a moment you are in a town you aren't familiar with and four 300lb cage fighters come up to you and pin down your arms and legs. Would you not fight for your life? Behavior like that from professionals just doesn't make sense.\n\nThen Dr. Bart lost my respect entirely by telling me that Josie was a mean cat and would only get worse, and I should get her declawed.  I asked if maybe she was more defensive because she was found outside and possibly came from a feral genetic history. The response was \"No. Some cats are just like that. That is her personality.\" Which is dismissive because clearly my cat is not like that with me. She waits at the door for me every day so I can pick her up and cuddle her when I get home, she loves to fetch and play endlessly. \n\nObviously the incendiary factor here was bad behavior on the part of the animal hospital and I can very easily remedy that by never returning. And to follow up, I bought nail trimmers and have since clipped Josie's nails and applied Soft Paws myself, a number of times. She whines but lets me do it without a problem. \n\nHere's my objective advice: Ingleside is a great place for most pets, not all of them. It is most certainly worth your time and money to take your pet here for both medical and grooming services. Just know your pet, watch your pet, and don't believe everything these, or any other vets say about your pet.