Walked in and tripped not once but twice on the uneven entrance. Oof! Bartender greeted us and sat us on the patio, with menus and went back to the bar to polish glasses or whatever they do when they aren't asking if they can get you a drink... we sat and took in the atmosphere, the ambiance, the décor, the view and about thirty other things while we waited and waited and waited for someone, anyone to drop by and say Hey! Six of those thirty other things were staff who never got close enough to call over without having to raise our voices or doing the annoying restaurant wave. So we waited some more. We turned it into a little game of How Long Do *you* Think.\n\nUsually when you get a menu you can sort out what is on the cards and decide on your meal for the evening, drinks, whatever. Oh sure, you may have questions about some things, but in general the menu gives you the story. Not at Old School. I like barbecue and that was what I wanted. Brisket and some sides, maybe a couple of sauces. Nothing that you wont get at any place that BRAGS about their pit, which Old School does. So where on the menu can I find me some brisket? In a mess and maze of wordy condition, we finally find it under SIDES. WTF? BBQ is a side? \n\nOh, and we were still waiting for someone to take a drink order. I figure I can ask about the brisket when that happens. Our wait person returns at a casual pace and we order two malted milkshakes, chocolate for me and strawberry for K. Off he goes. After another good opportunity to count the bricks in the wall, a different waiter approaches and deftly places a chocolate shake in front of me. He does the same for K, which is just wrong as she did not want chocolate. So K says that she ordered strawberry, and the waiter explains that our original waiter probably just double ordered the chocolate shakes by pressing the key twice on the screen, but that he will get it sorted out. It happens often enough that they know why it happens? Why not sort it out instead?\n\nOur waiter appears and comes over with K`s shake and almost as an afterthought asks if we want food. I ask about getting brisket, and he explains that it is a side, I ask about getting it as a meal and he tells us he has to go check with the kitchen. Off he goes, and we wait some more. He returns and tells me I can order brisket and two sides for $15, which I do. K orders fried chicken. And then waiter is back to tell me that actually, I cannot have brisket and two sides for $15, the brisket is $15 and if I want sides they are extra. Okay, I have no problem with that except 1. The price for the brisket is nowhere on the menu and 2. I was told that Brisket and two sides would be $15. I ask how much, you tell me how much, I order. Make food, bring food, done deal. Not at Old School. Annoyed, I order a burger with fries.\n\nWe wait some more. The table behind us arrived, ordered and ate in the time it took to get our food. We would have asked about it but the staff were unable to make it all the way to our section of the patio. Not because it was crowded, or busy, or out of the way. They just seemed more interested in hanging out as far away from the customers as possible. Food arrives, and it is good. The burger is quite tasty, good texture to the beef and just slightly overcooked. The fries, however, tell a different tale. Did you ever go skiing in the 70's and get fries that came with that weird red spice shit that tasted exactly like weird red spice shit? Now I get what Old School means...\n\nK's chicken is over-breaded and the paper placed on the tray disintegrates and becomes part of her meal. The coleslaw is good, though, and you do not have to ingest any part of the serving dishes along with it. She did get her shake, and they were good, although overly sweet and over priced by about $3.\n\nThis is getting long, but that is how our evening felt. Long. Drawn out. Tedious. We had to get up and go find someone to give us a bill, as our waiter had told us as he dropped our food that he had been there since 10AM (it was now 7PM) and was so tired he had to get home... so imagine our surprise when he was hanging out with the six staff by the cash, well concealed in the ''store'' section of the restaurant. None of whom seemed interested in helping us, so we asked the guy standing and looking at the cash register in what looked like horror and disinterest if we could please pay. He asked us for our bill, and K said, Well, no, no-one brought it which is why we were here, asking him for it. He gives us the wrong bill (he had three to choose from) and when we get the correct one it has a charge for brisket on it. He gets annoyed at having to take it off and I tell K I am going to be outside. Where I will remain for the rest of my days, as I will never set foot in Old School again.*\n*Unless it is to see the stolen artwork smashed