As an economic model, this café is really interesting and I'll be curious to see how they do over the long term. \nIt's like this - imagine with a regular café, you have numerous customers who come to hang out, work, socialize... and spend a few hours doing so while only purchasing one coffee. Look, I've done it, too. This has to cramp the business owner's style, because people are taking up space and not contributing to the cash flow of the business - it's a common café problem. \nAnticafé seems to have very cleverly and amicably figured out a way to not only make people feel welcome and comfortable to stay as long as they like, to do whatever they like, but they also ensure a profit by charging you to be there by the hour, not by the coffee. This works marvelously well, partly because they also have a selection of treats you can choose from as well as teas and espresso-based coffees, and you just pay a very modest lump sum per hour. The other success factor, I think, is that it's set up like somebody's big, communal home - there's a kitchen area and it's serve yourself, plus there are many rooms off the main room, where you can wander in and hunker down on a comfy couch with your book, or you can pull up to a big old dinner table with your laptop to work. Separate rooms are bookable for private meetings. It's a really cool idea. \nI was in on a Friday early evening and by the time I left, it was beginning to feel like somebody's house party. I suspect it has a different feel on different days and times of the week. \nMy only real complaint? The having to take your boots off at the door thing - I got really wet and filthy socks from being forced to do this, as several patrons didn't seem to think these rules applied to them. Plus, people are messy (especially in the kitchen) and there are crumbs and whatnot all over the floor. They do offer an assortment of shared slippers to use, but, eh, sorry... NO. \nOther than the sock feet thing, though, it's a beautiful and comfortable spot, and who doesn't like a buffet of animal crackers, cheesies, hummus and Nutella toast with your coffee?