Far from an actual speakeasy it's merely hidden or rather tucked away. With that being said most actual speakeasy establishments do pre\/prohibition era cocktails. Sometimes they do them because it's easier to stick to an era with limited ingredients and ideas. That is not the case here. With no menu they cater to each guest in a sort of process of elimination method I'm very used to to dial in drinks if you aren't sure. No code, no phone to call, no password. The security are pretty hands off. I'm used to more of a door person setting the mood and expectations.\n\nI came here for drinks and company, but not the sort of stuffy overclassy kind. This was great because the beer bottle selection allowed my less cocktail nerdy friends to not try and keep up with me. It's a lot more disco\/clubby than I'm used to with a DJ playing. It's a lot louder than I'd like to have a conversation, but I think they are just motivated off some collective energy what with no real menu. \n\nWe didn't stay long here because it just wasn't my cup of tea. I had a couple classics. Progressing towards the confidence to try something unique. I got there, but should have maybe given them less freedom. My boulevardier was not balanced, my daiquiri didn't have proper temp\/dilution and wasn't double strained. I asked for something with gin, aperol, shaken and I don't recall anything besides my requests and citrus and it was gross, it lacked any sweet balance and they straw tested it too. I ordered a beer and we left as the club kids were coming in.\n\nIt's a novel place, but more of a hangout than a speakeasy, more of a cocktail bar than full craft. A lot of industry people frequent here, but that may be because it's secluded, small and grungy. Not quite the experience I had or wanted. I guess I was hoping for BarChef of DW Alexander.\n\nStaff were great aside from security who were specifically only security. I think that the no menu is great for some, but not great for all guests as it takes some time to feel them out and they aren't always right, but why letting them order from a menu with ingredients it's not about being right necessarily. Prices are decent. It's a nice stepping stone into a wholistic concept, vision, idea for a bar, just too ragamuffin to crank and wow.