If you're a LOS fan, do yourself a favor, skip my review. Because I'm not impressed. At all. Not even a little bit. (And yes the 1 Star is not a mistake on my part!)\n\nI finally made it to LOS for lunch today. I walked in through the double doors which turns into this little tiny S curve past a couple of chairs and the cash register before it opens up into a little more space. In front of me is a buffet, to the right is a larger dining space with a bar at the far East end, and the walls have a lot of pictures of the suckers who bought into the hype before me. \n\nSo I tell the guy at the cash register I want to try the buffet. Fine. I get showed to my seat, then it's like where did everyone go? I'd like to order some Thai iced tea! Finally someone came by, took care of another table and then finally figured out that I might want something. \n\nSo from there I'm up to grab a plate for the buffet. Does anyone doing dishes look at the plates? Yep, 2 of them have dirt on them. Seriously, no kidding, it is what it is. I find a clean plate and go to the buffet. I don't have the menu in front of me but they had a couple of things of interest, a red curry dish that wasn't bad, the fried bananas which were interesting (thanks Jaime W. for mentioning that in her review) so I fill my plate and go back to my table. And guess what? Of all the damn things I expect the rice to be HOT, and the eggrolls to at least be WARM at the minimum. What I got wasn't frozen, but it wasn't what so many other establishments manage to competently deliver and that's properly cooked food. And getting past the lukewarm food what I had wasn't all that. It was boring, not really that good Thai food. I actually found myself thinking Chinese food from Grand China (which I don't like) out in Henderson and their best of Sysco offerings was actually better. \n\nSo after I eat I have to ask for my check, again so much for basic service. I get up to pay and with the tiny space to enter and the hordes of people hanging around the entrance there wasn't even a place to sit the receipt down on a flat space to sign it. I finally just juggled it enough to scribble on it, then made my way out past a bunch of rude people that don't even know how to clear a damn path for you to step past them. \n\nIn short, my impression of LOS: It sucks ass. \n\nMaybe I just caught them on a bad day. Maybe I was having a bad day. Who knows. But no matter what I know with absolute certainty that this is NOT the best Thai food in Vegas. \n\nCount me as extremely disappointed. Oh and they were OVERPRICED for what you get too.