I suddenly knew this was a mistake as soon as we started to scale the steep difficult steps and the handrail covered with a large amount of bird POOP. My stomach turned and I couldn't imagine why they don't have somebody to clean the handrail.\n\nWe were a few minutes early for our reservation so we walked around a bit. It is an interesting OLD House with narrow hallways and a small room with an old fashioned operators switchboard. It does have beautiful views. The house has a beautiful entrance door and interesting intricate ceilings but over all it really isn't so grand with old worn carpet and common tiles. I thought I'd see a bunch of marble or granite but I didn't.\n\nWe thought this was an interesting Choice for restaurant week because we wanted to see this place. Also this was one of the few places that gave you three courses without dessert. Also the $10 non member fee was waived for restaurant week.\n\nI can't say the food was completely awful but I wouldn't come back for it either even for free so I think that qualifies for the one star rating.\n\nWe asked about cocktails and our waiter said they were the last page of the wine menu but they weren't and only lasted the liquors. He returned and my husband asked for the cocktail menu we saw outside and the waiter brings us the cocktail menu. I decided on a drink but the waiter didn't return for a long period of time so we decided to just order dinner and skip the cocktails.\n\nOur waiter said the Sous Vide Chicken was stuffed with something green and he didn't know what it was but to him it was very salty. He also said the Carpaccio wasn't very good. So we decided to go with the other two starters.\n\nThe starters were passable but nothing either of us would want again. A not so great crab cake sitting on creamy peas with two refrigerated cold roasted tomatoes. The other was a few slices of eggplant with a little cheese.\n\nThe middle plates were not so seasoned escargots with a forgettable salad. The highlight was a small chunk of gorgonzola cheese. The other middle plate was not hot and not cold but unhealthy room temperature tomato soup with a over whipped cream laced with truffle aroma. (Aroma means perfume) (and over whipped means turned to butter). We both thought the tomato soup was the best of what we tried here. It tasted like good tomatoes that would be great on a pizza.\n\nFor dinner we tried the duck and the bronzini. Both were cooked just OK but neither seemed to have good seasoning or flavor however both of our vegetables were salted too heavy. I'd say so heavy I could tell what kind of salt they used and it wasn't good salt. The one thing that I could honestly say WAS terrible was the artichoke , anise sabayon. I tasted it and nearly barffed. I am without words to describe how it tasted but the texture was like hummus. Both plates had what they called polenta towers. They looked (see photo) happy to see us and I thought mine might squirt something when I went to eat it. But I was baffled when I tasted it because it wasn't like polenta. It was like corn muffin mix that was mixed with a farina kind of cereal. It was bready and lacked much of the corn taste and really tasted like cream of wheat cereal.\n\nI can almost say forgettable but I can't because I will never forget the bird poop or the polenta tower.\n\n1.5 stars almost 2 stars but with price factored in I feel one star\n\nSLIGHT UPDATE 9-11-13\nI read that they got a new chef since my review so hopefully they are better now.