EAT THIS, LOTS OF IT:\nHawaiian Tuna Tartare.  You've never had tuna tartare before, you say.  I don't like raw tuna, you say.  Well, let me tell you something: I lost my tuna tartare virginity to Dante and daaaaaamn girl, it was SINFUL good.  Perfectly seasoned minced tuna garnished with a heavenly poached egg, crispy potato strips and drizzled with kalamata olive remoulade?  Um, symphony of flavors and textures getting crunk in your mouth?  Take a bow, Dante.  Take a bow.\n\nEAT THIS TOO:\nThe homemade array of ice creams and sorbets.  Deceptively tiny, incredibly delicious and immensely satisfying!  And in general, for romantic nights out, the 5-course standard tasting menu is a good deal and a culinary home-run.\n\nAVOID THIS LIKE THE PLAGUE:\nLate Night Noodle Menu\/Happy Hour.  Just...don't.  Soup base was a lukewarm, over-salted mess.  Asked for pork broth, found beef, was told all broths are really the same.  Miso was actually cooked to graininess for the miso ramen.  Literally had to dilute my overcooked miso ramen with all my drinking water to make it palatable.  Pass, pass, and pass.\n  \nTHIS IRKS ME:\nThe exclusive vault seating is super hard to book!  Sometimes on weekend evenings, the waitstaff can be overwhelmingly numerous and hovering.  Some of the tables are situated in high-traffic, awkward corners so everyone and their mama walks through your personal space.  Mood lighting in the evenings is romantic but a little extreme--when you have to pull out your flashlight app to read your menu or see what you're eating at the dinner table, maybe it's time to throw in a few more candles.\n\nBUT...I'M STILL IN LOVE:\nRenovated former bank interior oozes modern sophistication, elegance and intimacy.  All the dishes are lovely in plating and like Lola, imaginative in fusing flavors--predominantly Italian\/Mediterranean and Asian.  They take their meat seriously--all meats in the charcuterie appetizer are cured in-house!--but they're also vegan and vegetarian-friendly.  Small but respectable beer list, extensive wine list.  Staff are friendly and accommodating and the bar offers killer cocktails.\n\nRSVP NOW:\nYourself, for some romantic me-time.  Your squeeze, for some romantic squeeze-time.  Best friends, for a easy and luxurious treat.  Business associates, for instant kudos.  Any strangers you want to impress, because if it's swanky impressions you're seeking, Dante delivers.