DON'T LIVE HERE. I've been living here for 6 months now and my lease is about up. And thank goodness cause this place sucks! Ok, ok, ok... it really wasn't that bad at first. When I first moved in here I liked management. They seemed nice enough but I think that's just because I emit that kind of positive energy (despite of what I have to say in this review :( )\n\nThe neighbors were nice. So nice that one day I came across another renter. She was nice, she lived here with her family and she actually mentioned that she was moving out because her lease was up and they were increasing her rent. I was really worried about my rent going up... because well, who doesn't worry about that kind of thing? But then I come to find out that she probably wasn't a very good tenant, she didn't always pay on time. I felt at ease because I knew that was probably the reason why they were increasing her rent. Unfortunately, my 6 month lease is almost up and I have paid even a few days earlier than when rent was due and they are STILL increasing my rent! WTF?! When I first looked into moving into here there was a large sign saying that rent was only $850. When I went to talk to the lady in the office she said that those apartments were already taken and that they no longer have those type of units. SURRRRE! After she just finished telling me that all the apartments were all the same exact layout. Ok, so I accepted my rent at $895. Now that my 6 month lease is over it's going up to $925. Even now, ok... I can kind of somewhat understand their really greedy situation because of today's economy.\n\nBut it didn't just stop there. During the first 2 months of living on the first floor there were no tenants above me. Then one day they decided to clean the apartment above mine (I guess someone was about to move in). One of my bathrooms started leaking water from them cleaning upstairs! Unbelievable! So I ran upstairs to tell them that it was leaking and they came to clean it up downstairs. I didn't feel so bad cause the did come to clean it pretty fast. And the fact that I knew they were cleaning upstairs. Atleast it wasn't toilet water that was flooding! \n\nThen the people upstairs moved in. I don't even know if you can call them people! From the sound of their footsteps I thought they were 300 pounds or something! After 2 weeks of being fed up with all that noise I finally went upstairs to find out that it was a 2 year old making all that noise! Not that it made me feel any better! I still heard all that noise! But I guess it wasn't the 2 year old's fault that this apartment complex is just \"ghetto-built.\" You can hear everything from all sides!\n\nTo make it even worse, just last month, I came home late from work to find a pond in my bathroom and shower room. There was a leak coming from upstairs (AGAIN!) but this time it was really gross cause it was toilet water! GROSS! So even though it was like 11pm at night I just thought I'd call the office and leave them a message to tell them to come clean it up and make sure that there are no more leaks upstairs. When I reached the office the message said that I could reach a 24 hour pager for maintenance or other slight emergencies. So I called the pager, like 6 times! Yet, no response. I wasn't contacted till the next day when the pond of toilet water in my bathroom and my shower room became practically an ocean! It seeped its way into my carpet and to this very day... my whole apartment rots of toilet water!\n\nSo my 6 month lease is up and I AM SO GLAD! Because I'll be moving into a better neighborhood with no 2 year olds living above me and no unexpected toilet water showers in the late PMs. \n\nUnless you are absolutely desperate...PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE!! DON'T LIVE HERE!