CHECK THE MENU PRICES AND YOUR ORDER TOTAL BEFORE YOU PAY!!!\n\nOk, I just had to get that out before I start my review. I went to Greco a little after the lunch time rush after seeing the awesome reviews on Yelp. When I walked in only a couple of tables were seated. I reviewed the huge menu posted and proceeded to the register to place my ToGo order. I knew that I wanted the Platter, but I wasn't quite sure which meat I wanted. I had a taste for some beef so I asked if they offered Steak or Beef, he said no. I then asked what Kefte and falafel were (I don't have much Greek cuisine experience), he said Kefte was a beef patty *blank stare* sir can I have the Kefte platter please!! I ordered it with Lemon Oregano fries and the Greek Salad that the menu says it comes with. Kind of irritated I handed him my card not even paying attention to the cost. I sat down to sign the receipt and noticed it had a total of $16.28!! Now WAYMENT!!! I know that menu says $9.95 for Kefte! I checked the board and the printed menu before bringing it to his attention. He then tries to tell me that the platter doesn't come with Kefte and that he instead charged me for Grilled Kefte and added a salad since it doesn't come with one. But err-uhhh the menu clearly lists Kefte as an option for the platter. We walked over to the board TWICE as he continued to argue with me about it. He then eventually says, ok the platter costs more with Kefte and it'll be $10.95 before tax. At this point I just looked at him totally confused. He then comes back and says ok i'll charge you $10.95 and give you $1 in cash and you pay the $9.95. I ended up paying $10.96 with that credit in cash. \n\nWhen I got back to the office I was completely underwhelmed. The Salad, was just SAD! Just looking at it didn't have me at all excited to eat it. That's all I have for that, ended up rotting in my fridge. The Kefte was just ok. The beef with dry and tough. The fries were soft and lacked flavor. Probably needed salt. I tasted a hint of Lemon here and there but other than that, nothing. The best part of the meal with the Pita Wedges. I ate all of those. I'm not sure if it was because I ordered Togo, or maybe they gave me lackluster food because I demanded I be charged the correct price, but my food was not as good as the reviews rave about.\n\nI now see a few people note that their meal price seemed to come out higher than the menu. And i'm telling you that this is not just a coincidence! I'll definitely not be returning again, but if you go, check prices before you pay because they are as crooked as they come!!