This reply is for Kevin down there.\n\nFirst, I just want to make it clear that it's the end of January and we still haven't received the portion of the refund your company promised. It is funny to me that your company responds to public complaints, but none of you care to return phone calls or emails. After the first few phone calls, your representatives decided they didn't want to deal with us anymore apparently. I have three emails to Maria in my inbox that were never replied to. I also left multiple voicemails with no call backs. I took the word of my wife (whom I trust) when she said your representative was rude over the phone. I called back on a recorded line, so I have proof of your unprofessionalism. I also read numerous other complaints on multiple websites complaining about the same issues (taking money and ignoring clients).\n\nYou also didn't acknowledge that your representative, Maria, misinformed us via email and telephone, but based on your reply, it seems that you don't understand what actually happened either. Insufficient funds is NOT the same as incorrect bank information. We had to call Wells Fargo twice to confirm that there was no transaction from our bank before Maria finally agreed that our payment did not come back as 'NSF.'\n\nYou also didn't acknowledge the fact that our bank information was saved in your system (and we were still charged the $27 inconvenience fee by the way). The same bank information that completed successfully for our security deposit. \n\nAnd finally, I'd like to explain to you how bank errors work. I work with banks and credit unions every day. Say there WAS a typo somehow and the bank information was incorrect, the payment would have never made it to the bank. There would have been no error, because the bank information was incorrect, and the bank would have never charged a fee. Please explain to me how there was a 'bank fee' for a payment that you claim never made it to the bank. Or are you saying it was NSF? Because Wells Fargo can prove the funds were there. Which one is it?