This is more for their corporate policies rather than the gym itself (which is just fine).  I have two kids and I'm halfway through my contract.  I wanted to transfer my one son's membership to my other son.  In order to do this I would have to pay $130 to end the contract and then sign my other son up for the full two years.  Seems like they're juicing me for money at this point, seriously they will get the same money out of me if they just let me transfer the name on the membership.  But they're not interested in helping out a member and keeping me happy so when my contract is up I will stay, nope they're more concerned with that \"non-transferable\" clause.  Mind you it's the SAME membership, same family, same money, and I've NEVER been late on a payment!!  Not ONCE!  I asked for a supervisor and was transferred to a guy that is the billing manager and he says \"I completely understand\".. No he doesn't or he would be trying to help me, but he told me I can escalate this concern by emailing \"customer service\"... Sure, I can email a box that you know no one checks.  I even asked if they could just help me by waiving 1 year of the membership for the son I want to add, and the answer is I can pay for a full year in advance, in other words, nope.  So now I know, they aren't really customer friendly.  The day my contract is up and I do mean the VERY DAY I will cancel this membership and go somewhere else.  Oh and because the manager I spoke with thinks we are all stupid he wanted me to remind everyone to read your contract carefully, because they certainly aren't going to help you in any shape way or form.  You will pay or else!  LVAC... the mafia of athletic clubs!\n\n**Update** I have to laugh at the comment LVAC posted, asking if I would like a copy of my contract.  So I guess rather than admitting they aren't really interested if keeping a customer happy, it's better to remind me that I signed their mafia membership contract!!  Way to go LVAC, you have won the worst customer service of the month award.