I came in here with my boyfriend, who had bought me a gift certificate to Sweet Bubbles for Christmas so I could sort through all the goodies myself. The older woman at the counter was very sweet, offering up some suggestions on and information about products as well as some back story on the owners, who happen to be her daughters. I usually like to be left alone to shop, but she was so friendly and genuine that I enjoyed the interaction.\n\nThe bath bombs are AMAZING! There are few things I love more than a great bath, and as such I've tried the majority of the bath products available on the market. These surpassed them all, especially when price is taken into consideration. No, they're not cheap, I suppose, but they have everything the cheap drugstore brands don't: quality ingredients, staying power, and the kind of attention to detail that is so sorely lacking in many commercially made bath products. Case in point: the bath bombs are beautifully scented and while you can make up your own combos, they're ultimately packaged for transport in these great little clam shell containers that ensure your sudsy balls don't get smashed or rub off on each other, ruining the effect and making a total mess - especially important if these are a gift.\n\nUsed in your bath, the bombs are just awesome. You just fill up the tub, drop one in, and it's like alka seltzer for your whole body. That sounds weird... but it's really luxurious! I was worried about the overly sweet aromas some of the bath bombs had on their own, but once they dissolved in the water they somehow smelled much, much better - the floral notes came out, the sickly sweet edge softened significantly, and the water felt amazing. In fact, the best part was the feel - it really did turn my bath into some spa like and magnificent. And my skin afterwards was like a baby's behind. I particularly like the Plum Sexy (it's like ordering a frou frou specialty cocktail in some uber-trendy bar - you feel like a total dweeb ordering it by name, but it's so yummy you're willing to bear the few seconds of shame), but the Tangerine and Sangria are also nice. And the Honey Oat has that great soothing feel, ideal for irritated skin or for when you want to feel pampered with out the bombshell fragrances. The colors do seem to cling to the side of my tub once the water is drained, probably because of the shea and cocoa butters in the mix, but a quick wipe with a wash cloth cleans things fine. Super worth it. Two thumbs up!\n\nThe hand-cut soaps were slightly less successful in my opinion, but I still like them. They're beautiful to look at and some of the scents coordinate well with the bombs, but the scents don't seem to have much staying power. That said, they're still pretty moisturizing and they were gentle - yet effective - on my sensitive skin. Still recommended, I'm just as cray cray for cocoa puffs over the soaps as I am regarding the bombs.\n\nLastly, I tried a loofah soap with a pear scent. Delicious aroma, loofah isn't very effective, but I still liked it.\n\nI got a couple samples of their \"slush,\" which is like a salt or sugar scrub, and it is somehow super gentle yet left my skin -- including my ornery elbows -- so soft and supple that I kept stroking myself afterwards. That sounds bad, but I don't even care. I will be buying a full-sized container of the scrub and trying out a few new things, like their bath milk, next time I go.\n\nThe only reason I didn't give a full five stars? Selection - there are a lot of products, but they definitely skew very much towards the cutesy, overly sweet side of thing, and that's just not my bag. I want to smell like a beautiful, sexy woman, not like a baked good or candy or like someone spilled a pina colada on me. I'd love something simple like honeysuckle or lilac or even some herbal infusions like rosemary\/orange or basil\/mint. That's just me though!\n\nAnd that, friends, is my dissertation-length review of a bath soap store. I'd fret over the fact that I clearly have issues, but I have a bath to take.