We made appointments for five for a Friday night - four pedicures and one manicure. Unfortunately, I was the one getting the manicure. I arrived, checked in and was told to pick out my polish color. I never get color on my nails because it just peels off within a few days anyway. They come get me (on time, which is a miracle at some nail places despite having an appointment - so I have high hopes) and my mani begins. LITERALLY TEN MINUTES LATER, after a half-hearted effort at trimming my cuticles, an insulting file job (they are still jagged and I will have to refile them to keen them from snagging stuff) and a totally lame one-minute long hand massage (we're talking 30 seconds for each hand) consisting of one minuscule dollop of lotion on the back each hand, my technician looks at me and tells me to go wash my hands. Ummm...ok. I get up, go wash and come sit back down because SURELY THERE MUST ME MORE. No...when he sees me back in his chair, he looks at me like what on earth am I still doing and tells me I'm all done. Where was the glorious forearm massage??? Or the cuticle oil?????? Or the actual trimmed cuticles???????????? \n\nI go to pay and tell them that my manicure was really short. They tell me it's because I didn't get polish on my nails. NO. Let me rephrase an important point from earlier: I never get polish on my nails when I get a manicure and I have never before had such half-assed service. It usually takes 30 minutes or more for them to do cuticle trim, file, massage, and then file again. \n\nSince I'm sitting here waiting for my four friends getting pedicures, I can tell you that one of them is already almost done and it's barely been 35 minutes. So, apparently they rush you through the pedicures here too. 35 minutes is way too short for a pedicure. And one of the other girls is making eyes at me telling me how painful her pedi is. I will definitely not be back to this place, although it may be great if you're in a big hurry and maybe like it a little rough.\n\nEdited to add: apparently the guy who did my mani - and also managed to do one of the pedis in our group and be done at the same time as the other pedis...maybe a 25 min pedi - uses the nail paints to pant rocks on his \"downtime.\" Maybe he wanted to hurry up with his actual, income generating work so he could get back to his rock painting. He is sitting right in front of me as I type this painting a rock. I am dying to take a photo but feel like that might be inappropriate.