I have patronized this establishment 3 times. Normally when I have a bad experience the first time around I will give a place a second chance. This was the case with the Clifton Martini & Wine Bar. \n\nMy first experience was below average. I was meeting a group of 6 for a dinner meeting and we opted to dine inside where it was abnormally quiet so we could talk (the patio was full and on a busy street so this was a great option for us). We arrived and sat ourselves and were not greeted by our server\/also the owner for at least 10 minutes. Once we did get our drinks it was literally an hour before he stopped back to check on us. We had to tell him we wanted to order food and at that point were nearly done with our meeting. 4 out of 5 of us ordered dinner. The food was above average, too bad about the service. The meeting had to be extended by an hour just because of the ignorance on the part of the owner. It seemed he had no help at all -- there was just a bartender and he. \n\nMy second experience was an evening visit -- after dark on the patio. AGain, the patio was packed and there were very few servers. We were greeted by the owner who was also the server and he informed us the kitchen would be closing shortly and to please order food now if we wanted it. We quickly picked out some items and ordered. Realizing we may have arrived a bit late and how that can affect things we prepared for it mentally. Overall though we were surprised to get our meals quickly and they were good. \n\nThe third experience was this evening -- another dinner meeting. The same group as the first time giving it another whirl. One of the people in our party lives nearby and it was a good location choice to meet. We sat ourselves at 7 PM to a nearly empty dining room. There was a large party of 15 or so filling the bar and a large table set for them to sit down at later. The owner was again our server and asked us for our drink order. He gave us menu's and then carried on with the only bartender taking care of the large party until they sat down. We continued with our meeting drinking waters and diet coke's and an hour passed and still no check in to see what and if we wanted to eat. There were 4 of us prepared to spend money on appetizers or dinners but that never happened because we were once again ignored. We did pay special attention to the other group that was getting a lot of service, seated, food orders, etc. At around 8:30 our meeting was wrapping up and we never even got our bill for the 2 sodas. We decided to leave $6 on the table hoping it would cover the drinks and we left. For good.\n\nI will not return to the Clifton Martini & Wine Bar. It's a real shame because I have friends that live right by and the food is good and I like to support small, local business. This particular restaurant spot has had trouble in the past and there have been a half dozen or so restaurants come and go. It would be a real shame for this one to close up sheerly because of the owners lack of attention to his customers. My advise to him is to hire some help -- the cost to employ a few servers to take care of your customers and spread good words about your business will pay for itself. I wish you luck.\n\nUPDATE: After writing this review I received several emails from the owner of the restaurant. Never once did he apologize for the service my table received. In fact, he told me I was an angry person from the reviews he's read. Since then i have made an effort to write positive reviews for the restaurants I have patronized. We had some back and forth dialogue in which he was very defensive, never understanding to where i was coming from and ended it in a very unprofessional way. I had to block the owner from contacting me again. I made it very clear to him that I was willing to come back to his restaurant to meet him and talk to him in person about the experience. That is obviously never going to happen now and I will make it a mission to let everyone I know this is not a place to give your money too. I wish them all the best. It is  a real shame considering it was a great place to have a meeting, social event or group outing. I wish there was a no-star rating.