I must preface this review by letting you know that I despise car dealerships. No, like I really, REALLY hate buying a new car. I always feel like the salesmen are out to get you in every way possible, from telling you what you want to hear to straight up lying in an attempt to sell you things you don't want or need. I always view it as a \"me against them\" experience and I show up ready to do battle. As far as car buying experiences go, I'm happy to report that this was one of the easiest.\n\nOur salesperson, Trent, was as cool and calm as they come. He was super easy to deal with, seemed eager to please and make us happy, and had a relaxed, laid back personality. He took most of the stress out of the car buying experience. This was our first time buying a true luxury brand automobile, and I was very impressed. Trent was always on time for our appointments, was proactively attentive to our calls and texts, and would do his best to keep us comfortable (even offering us a slice of pizza when we were there at lunchtime and were waiting for the paperwork to be completed). He answered all of our questions correctly the first time and with authority. I will absolutely buy a car from him in the future. \n\nThe dealership itself is very comfortable too, and it was always easy to find help when we needed it. We originally had planned to buy our Mercedes from the other dealership in town but after we went back and waited nearly an hour after the time of our scheduled appointment (our sales guy was \"tied up\" and never showed), we eventually left and came to Henderson. I'm so happy we did!\n\nThe delivery experience was easy too, with our car displayed in a fancy garage bay. I noticed a few minor blemishes on the paint and Trent immediately went to get someone to come and buff them out. They even had a really nice woman (I can't remember her name!) thoroughly go over the new features of the car. It was excellent customer service.\n\nThe only reason this wasn't a 5 star experience was the finance department. Nobody likes to deal with all the finance junk where they hard sell you on all sorts of extras that you don't need, but this was not the most pleasant part of the transaction. Pete was a nice guy and I actually liked him a lot, and I know it's his job to assertively push the extras on customers, but it got super unpleasant when he was really, REALLY pushing us hard on buying into the Mercedes Service Plan. Not only would he not take \"no\" for an answer, he eventually made us feel BAD about not buying it. I told him the fact that he was pushing it so hard made it obvious to me it wasn't a good deal for us as consumers. He tried every tactic in the book too, making us feel like we weren't adding it on because we couldn't afford it. Please. Why would we be in a Mercedes dealership in the first place?\n\nEventually we got out of the finance department and because of that obnoxious push, we declined every other add-on. Normally he could've sold us some things but I was so disgusted that we didn't get one extra thing.\n\nSo other than that, this is a great dealership and if we decide that we love Mercedes (since this is our very first one), I will definitely be back to buy future cars. Trent knows how to build loyalty, and he will be our go-to guy from now on.