This is not food for people who know and love southern cooking. If you dabble in southern food and like to have variations on the theme, then you may enjoy the food and your experience here.  \n\nThe ambiance is modern\/eclectic with that hint of industrial that so many places are doing now. I like what they are doing at Yardbird. In theory. I just was immensely disappointed with the execution. \n\nSERVICE \n\nThey stagger their food delivery so that items come to the table as they are prepared. Do you know what that means? We started eating our side dishes before our meal. And one side dish was scheduled to arrive last. Meaning it was to have been the LAST thing delivered to the table. I don't understand how that makes for a pleasant dining experience.  The server was certainly not to blame since this specific service plan is deliberate. I could see this pacing working when the dishes are all appetizers or finger foods or tapas. But you want to eat the mac and cheese WITH the chicken, not before. \n\nPacing aside, when we had some unexpected issues with our meal, the manager was quick to address them and worked professionally and diligently to remedy the situation. That says a GREAT deal about their commitment to providing good service. And as much as I may not have enjoyed the food (see below), I did not leave having had a bad overall experience.\n\nFOOD \n\nThe Chicken: The meat was certainly tender. But the batter was not a southern\/ country style that I know (and I guess prefer). Aside from needing seasoning, it had a light crisp as opposed to the deeper crunch and texture I like on a fried chicken. It reminded me a bit of Pioneer Chicken. If you know this old So Cal chain you know the type of batter Yardbird uses. It is a light batter with solid overall crispness.  While all sections of the bird are crisped, there is a lightness and smooth texture to the skin I do not enjoy. It is a totally personal preference.  I wonder if they are cooking using the \"broasting style\" I have heard about. \n\nThe chicken wasn't bad, It was just not something I would go out of my way for. I found the \"lightness\" of the fried skin to be unsatisfying and the lack of seasoning was a huge disappointment. I do not like to pick up salt and pepper in a restaurant. And certainly not for fried chicken. \n\nThe Grits: They were sweet. I could not take more than a few bites. They are also advertized as \"course ground\", but I've not had grits quite this course before. I was totally willing to have an experience with this style of grits (new to me), but the light sugaring was too much. I needed a savory compliment to the meal and the grits were a disappointment. I read that their fare is based on food traditions in the Carolinas.  I've never had grits in the Carolinas, but if this is what grits are like in those states, It'll be a hard pass from me in the future. \n\nThe salad: butter lettuce with mango and sesame dressing. It was fine. The veg was fresh. And the salad toppings had a blend of sweet, crunchy, and savory. \n\nWe had other dishes, but not one was tasty in the way we wanted them to be. Our dishes included mac and cheese, fried pickles (under seasoned), deviled eggs (too much dill), catfish. Nothing was terrible. But the problem of under seasoning seemed to be an issue in most dishes. \n\nThe catfish had its own set of issues. The fish (like the chicken) was moist and well cooked within the skin, but it was under seasoned and the skin was coated in a batter that did not stick to the fish and crisp around the skin the way I like. \n\nAll in all the food was disappointing. We all bring our experiences and biases to every meal and I certainly brought mine to Yardbird.  I thought the food was overpriced and underwhelming.  I hate to write a review after just one visit, but it left a strong impression. But hey, the restaurant was packed, so people enjoy what they are doing. I didn't. And I won't be back.\n\n2.5 out of 5 stars