I'd actually go with 3.5 stars if I could, but for once, I am glad I can't because it wouldn't be fair to the business.  Here's the thing - my girlfriend and I had just finished the rock n roll half marathon and wanted to eat.  Our original plans were to grab 1 buffet this weekend, and it was not going to be this one.  Unfortunately, the one we wanted to go to was closing by the time the race ended (we were planning on going a couple days prior, but circumstances required us to skip it).  Therefore, we were trying to decide between the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars, or this one.  We chose this one because although we loved the one at Caesars when we were last in Vegas, we wanted to try a new one.  Therefore, we came here.  However, we realized after we paid that we had been here before (we didn't remember going to 2 buffets our last trip) and therefore, should have gone to Caesars, which we preferred, but it was too late.  Therefore, I didn't enjoy it as much as I would have because I was disappointed in the decision to come here in the first place.\n\nAs I said, that's not really fair though because the Bellagio has a really good buffet.  Is it as good as Caesars?  Nope, but it has plenty of options and it's all high quality and very tasty.  It's funny, but you are actually not that starving after a long distance run.  I thought I would be, but until your muscles relax, everything is so tight that you can't eat as much.  Therefore, I wasn't able to eat as much as I wanted to.  Nevertheless, I did enjoy one plate full of carved turkey, rotisserie chicken, carved ham, kobe beef, and some potatoes.  Also had another plate of some Asian food and crab legs, and finally, 2 bowls of won ton soup, which was probably the best item (sooooooooooo deliciously salty!).\n\nIf I had to complain about something - and lets face it, if you know me, then you know I have to complain about a lot of things - it would be the dessert.  Firstly, no cookies?  How do you not have trays of cookies?  Secondly, a lot of the desserts were just disappointing.  No apple pie or cobbler, only 1 or 2 cheesecake options, no brownies.  They did have mini key lime pies, so there was that, and they also had ice cream, but it was 35 degrees out, so screw that.\n\nAlso, the buffet at Caesars serves things in little tapas plates.  So rather than you heaping loads of food you won't finish onto your plate, Caesar's controls the portions.  You can always grab more than one, or go back for more, but if I had to wager, I would say that Caesar's system wastes less food.  If you give me two buffets, and I can eat as much as I want - to the point of bursting and making a disgusting mess - at both, and both serve high quality delicious food, but one wastes less, then I'll go with that one.  Also, if I am being honest, Caesar's has better options, too.\n\nBut, just because Caesar's is better doesn't mean Bellagio is bad.  Heck, go to both.  Apparently, I did, but I ate so much I broke my memory.