Full review in Blog:\n\nCalling the restaurant I was informed that the Chef's Table was generally for groups of 4-6, but if no one had booked it for a given night they'd be willing to seat a solo for the standard price of $100 for 9 courses - placing my reservation a couple weeks in advance I was glad to find out that Mondays were generally quiet and I'd have the table all to myself.\n\nSomewhat disappointed as my only vantage point of the action in the kitchen was through a small slit in the tiles, I was promptly greeted one of two servers who provided the cocktail list and filled my water.  Professional and courteous I will note that service throughout the evening was mostly competent, albeit not overwhelming - a course was delivered without silverware, water reached empty twice, plate clearing was a touch slow.  Fortunately, as part of the Chef's Table experience I had the honor of receiving all of my dishes (and excellent descriptions of preparation and ingredient sourcing) from Chef Chad himself.\n\nShortly after the chef's departure the bread-lady arrived with a woven basket featuring three house-made breads.  Browsing the online list and realizing Eleven takes orders for breads and confections all I can say is that the bread basket gives me a good idea why - all three of the options were excellent.  From a sweet yet toothsome Currant Semolina Sourdough, to a rustic and aromatic Carraway Wheat, to a heavenly moist Sea Salt Focaccia each of the options was excellent...and while my primary server wasn't always on the ball, I was never for want when it came to bread.\n\nThe third course of the evening would provide the first \"wow\" of the tasting - an impressive accomplishment given the simplicity of the dish.  Served proudly and with great description by Chad the House Cured Prosciutto with Three Sisters Mesclun, Vin Cotto, Olive Oil was sublime - the nutty notes of the silky pork only enhanced by the slightly bitter greens, acidic yet sweet vin cotto, and smooth olive oil.  A new passion of the young chef I was even given the opportunity to see the curing area after my meal - a small section of the wine vault with meats aged anywhere from a week to nearly a year - a return visit for charcuterie at the  bar would certainly be on my agenda if I lived locally.\n\nThe final savory of the evening would be my favorite, as well.  Large in portion and bold in flavor, Elysian Field Farms Lamb - Sous Vide with Crispy Lamb Neck, Anson Mills Polenta, Golden Artichoke, and Mint was marvelous.  Nearly raw yet sizzling hot, the lamb itself was not as gamey as would be expected and the crispy wrapping of neck lent plenty of texture and savory flavor.  Acting as a bed to the butter-knife soft lamb was a chive laden and creamy polenta with the slightest hints of mint and mace.  Flanking the protein along with a savory lamb jus were crispy artichoke hearts - pan seared and creamy within, a vegetal composition not unlike the lamb in terms of presentation.\n\nI was next greeted by the pastry chef who presented me a trifecta of her favorite desserts from the menu.  Titled on the menu as \"Tasting\" the trio contained miniature versions of Eleven's Famous Peanut Butter Pretzel Candy Bar, Banana Cream Pie with Tapioca, and Brioche Bread Pudding with Cinnamon and Strawberries.  While I will note I'd have preferred received all three as separate courses (time and temperature reasons only) I will also note that the lady has talent - each option was stunning.  Creamy peanut butter with chocolate ganache and salty pretzels, caramelized bananas with hand whipped cream and graham crackers...and oh the Bread Pudding.  With finger-thick slices of buttery brioche caramelized and doused in a salty cinnamon caramel reduction, the only thing that made it better was the ice cream, a smooth dollop of spicy cinnamon that melted slowly over the hot pudding.\n\nLooking back on dinner at Eleven the word the two words that come to mind are \"American\" and \"Competent.\"  To be fair, in my experience I've never really had a tasting menu that I would call \"American\" without pronounced flourishes of French or Mediterranean - the Chef's table at Eleven was almost like going to CUT or a similar high end steak house and getting a tasting...the food varied from very good to excellent, but certainly did not re-invent the wheel.  For $100 the quality, presentation, and ingredients were certainly worth the price - but at the same time, I can't say I would rush back.  That said, Chad is an excellent Chef with a lot of potential and the space at Eleven is beautiful - I'd certainly go back for some a la carte selections and dessert anytime.