If I could leave no stars I would:\n\nContacted Ron's AC in Phoenix thru my warranty service Choice, a\/c was not working.  Ron went out and check it out and reported that something was wrong with the coils, mind you I had the ac serviced a month earlier and nothing was wrong with it.  He reported to Choice who then told me that the a\/c was not covered Decided to go with Ron as he had already done the preliminary, and he seem friendly on the phone, (I live in Calif).  \nA\/C was installed, with me paying  1\/2 up front ($5200), I asked him to send manual and withheld $600 until he did.  This took a couple weeks, with him calling me and asking for $ and telling me that manual was in the mail, which it was not.  Finally he sent it but he did not send the manufacturer's serial number so it could be registered.  \nIn November we had a call from the tenant that the heater was not working, called Ron and that took about 4-5 days for him to finally install some part, mind you this was part of a new unit.  \nCalled manufacturer and asked for warranty if I could get a new contractor, was told that I had 30 days from installation to register it and that because I failed to do so, I lost 5 years of the warranty.  Thank you Ron.\nDec 31, got call from tenant that it was raining and water was coming thru the ac vent.  Again I called Ron and asked him to go out and check it out.  He did not show up on Thursday, called again on Friday.  I hired another contractor who came out immediately and told me that that was the worst installation he had ever seen, that all the old duckings were used, and he went on and on about other issues. Had to pay this contractor, and still waiting for Ron to call me back,  It is now Monday.\nNeedless to say, I will not use him again, he is unreliable, he never showed up at any appointed time, or called to say that he would not be coming.  I could go on and on about him.  My tenants have asked me to not send him again to fix anything.\n\nPlease note there are more negative reviews other than mine. Looks like yelp decided to hide those. I feel comfortable that I'm not the only one leaving such a negative review. I just wish I saw them earlier so I would have not gone thru such a horrible experience.