I apologize if my experience is drawn out and confusing as I had to deal with two gentlemen named Tommy. Please don't be offended as I describe them below and tell them apart as the only way I can.\n\nI was advised to take our bachelor party group here through a Vegas promoter (group of 10). Ahead of time, I was given both a bottle price (via promoter) and pickup time (from a gentleman named Tommy (Caucasian). However, the pickup came an hour late at 11pm , and my group was charged $120 more for our bottle. After finally arriving, we were just outside of the venue and another Tommy (Asian) was lecturing the whole group about the price, I asked him to speak to me on the side as this is a bachelor party but he ignored me and kept doing his own thing. The price Tommy (Asian) gave was off as I stated before, and I had to wait an hour and a half for the Tommy (Caucasian) that I spoke to on phone to show up to the venue and rectify the pricing. \n\nI explained to Tommy (Caucasian) that I had to go back and forth with (Asian) Tommy over the pricing, the hour long wait for the shuttle, the fact that I had to stop ordering anything else until he showed up 90 minutes later to confirm pricing with me and the frustration it causes with the group. \n\nHe said for the first bottle that because it was already ordered and consumed that he has to charge me the higher price... (when it was supposed to be $120 cheaper). And that he would comp the next bottle for me as an apology. I was not happy but I agreed to that and glad someone was able to hear me out.\n\nThey tried to clean up the mistakes and salvaged what could have been a bad night. But for a bachelor party\/one time deal that you can't afford a messy experience, please try elsewhere.\n\nGood:\n-While the shuttle was late, Tommy (Caucasian) had kept in contact with me (calls\/text) to keep me updated as to what was happening. Even though they messed up, the lines of communication were open.\n-While the shuttle arrived an hour late, it was a Mercedes Benz Sprinter, which was nice.\n-Once we sat down, I was able to explain to the server that I wanted a specific amount of bottles based on my budget, she spaced out the bottles so we would not drink too much, too soon, and notified me when I reached my set number to close out the bill. \n-Tommy (Caucasian) after speaking with me personally, comped the 2nd bottle as an apology for the mix ups I described.\n-For all the bureaucratic nonsense we had to go through, the guys definitely had a good time (which what they were there for)\n-Some of the stage dancers were impressive, and the music was average.\n\nBad:\n-Had to wait an hour after the scheduled time for our group to be picked up\n-We were greeted by another man named Tommy (Asian), before we walked into the venue, he was talking to my whole group about the prices and what we wanted (I discussed this all earlier on with the other Tommy), I wanted things as smooth and discrete as possible. The bachelor in the party shouldn't have to hear about prices, especially when they were already discussed!\n-I found the Tommy (Asian) to be short, and uncooperative; the prices\/quote I previously were given and agreed to were different than his and he politely was not hearing it, a lot of back and forth I thought I avoided by going through a Vegas promoter.\n-When the manager I was originally dealing\n-The women are working the floor, I understand they have a job to do, but I found some of them to be pushy\n-It's part of the cost of doing business, but there was a 20% mandatory gratuity (for our group of 10), which our server splits with everybody including the bar tenders we did not buy from. So we tipped her out separately as a courtesy for her service\n-Had to wait 45 minutes for our group to be shuttled home from the venue, ended up getting Ubers for our group.