We were so disappointed In our stay at the Bellagio! This was my first time to Vegas, my boyfriend took us for Christmas, and I was soooooo excited to stay at the famous Bellagio! \n\nIt is very beautiful when you walk in, the casino is gorgeous and all of the art work is amazing, however, when it came to the hotel, I felt like we were staying at a holiday Inn. When we got to the concierge, we gave her a gratuity, and she looked at us like we were complete trash. We asked for a fountain view room, paid extra, and they hand us our key cards and point us towards the elevators. \n\nNo one offered to help us with our bags so we schlepped them across the entire casino to the elevators, go up to our room, open the door and it is sooo cramped! We barely had room to walk around the bed, the bathroom was dated and there were unknown dark hairs in the bath tub, yuck. \n\nWorst of it- I go to the window to see our \"fountain view\" and we had a view of the roof and if we stood on a chair and peaked in the right spot maybe the top of a water spurt. \n\nI called the front desk to ask why we were in a room without a fountain view if we paid extra for a fountain view and she said that we were the lowest floor with a fountain view, after a few minutes of arguing why we were paying more, I decided to let it go since it was the holidays and all I really wanted was to enjoy it with my BF. \n\nAnything we wanted to do in the hotel was astronomically higher than other places, you don't even get free passes to use the spa\/ gym you have to pay extra even as a guest of the hotel. \n\nIt was not worth the hype at all. I'm at least glad I tried it, I have 2 separate bachelorette weekends coming up this summer that were both wanting to stay at the Bellagio and I nipped that in the bud! We changed all of our reservations to stay at another casino\/ hotel on the strip and we were treated much better when we made our reservations and the rooms are MUCH nicer! \n\nInstead of staying at the hotel, just come look at the fountains. There are much nicer hotels where the customer service is 10xs better! I will never stay at the Bellagio again!