I'm definitely NOT a hangout at a coffee shop kinda girl, but if I *was* this is the place I would set up shop to read, write, draw, browse a magazine, meet a date or just people watch.\n\nI met bonnie here pre-Chez Nous HH (that turned into evening since I got off work late) because my coffee shop connoisseur friend was posting up there until I got off work down the street. I admit I am directionally challenged to degree that is not only embarrassing, but debilitating. If you feel for me, take heed - I drove past it not once but two times. Add to that the light rail construction (it is right on central) and my post-work brain just about exploded. Poor bonnie had to take three calls from me before going out to the street to wave me in like an airplane.\n\nBut, once safely in the parking lot, there were ample spaces and I was surprised to see that pane bianco was right next door! Then it all made sense - why that phoenix cool-baby marketing rep asked me a date here, why so many people that I would not imagine know about these kinds of things seem to love talking about lux. It's right next door to prob one of the busiest\/coolest places to pick up sandwiches for up-and-coming downtowners (uptowners?). \n\nWell, although bianco was long-closed, lux was happenin' at 7 at night. there was plenty of comfy seating (two couches, and easily 7 or 8 arm chairs) plus a long table seemingly designated for setting up laptops. The staff seemed friendly and nice, and I really liked that the shelves for placing flyers was inset into the counter where you order - still visible but not at all the messy eyesore they inevitably end up being.\n\nOk, now for my favorite part - the clipboards that hang on stings against the wall so that patrons can hang their own sketches, drawings, paintings - whatever. (miss bonnie herself added a RAD sketch of a sexy bunny-man, I suggest you check it out).\n\nSorry to say I did not taste the coffee or the treats, so I can't speak to that. But, I would most definitely go back to do so.