Here's the thing about Rogers Centre: the experience at the stadium is what you make of it. \n\nI say that because most of my trips to Rogers Centre have been pretty generic over the years... but my most recent trip is probably the time when I've most enjoyed myself; that said, I had planned it as a special trip - the Yankees were coming to town for a quick, two-game set and I was going to make the drive, have a great seat, and meet up with a bunch of friends. \n\nKnowing that parking in Downtown Toronto is a beast, I planned my time leaving home accordingly (especially because it can be a long drive). *IF* you're driving and plan to park Downtown, I do recommend pre-purchasing parking (from somewhere like Parking Panda). I've done that for previous trips to Toronto and it minimizes the headaches. On this trip, I wanted to park in a very specific lot that doesn't seem to be available on any of the typical sites... so because I was leaving so early? I decided to just wing it. \n\nArriving so early for the Yankees game against the Blue Jays worked in my favor and I got a spot in my preferred lot (when I tried to get a spot in the same lot at the end of this past March, it was completely sold out). After parking, I walked over to the stadium. When walking towards Rogers Centre, you realize there's really not much to it from the outside... it's basically a giant slab of concrete. The stadium lacks personality. The general area has personality because of the aquarium and CN Tower (right next door), but the stadium itself looks pretty... blah. \n\nFortunately, things tend to be fairly well organized. I got to my gate, met up with some friends, gates opened at 5:30pm, and then getting inside (with our Marcus Stroman \"bobble body\" giveaway) was pretty quick and painless. \n\nI wandered around the park for a bit, but ultimately decided to watch batting practice (besides the fact that the Yankees were taking BP at the time, there's just not a lot to see inside Rogers Centre... again, nothing that stands out as a unique aspect of the stadium). I could get ridiculously close thanks to my seat in 3rd row behind home plate (one of my \"the experience is what you make of it\"-boosts), and I enjoyed watching the Yankees take BP before meeting up with a larger group of friends for wandering around the stadium, a visit to guest services, and then heading over to Toronto Street Eats to grab a bite to eat (sidenote: the buffalo cauliflower poutine had been recommended by a friend and I wasn't convinced it would be that good, but it sounded interesting. I ended up ordering it from TSE and OMG... SO GOOD! Would totally recommend it to anyone and everyone. I'm not a big fan of spicy dishes, but this one wasn't too spicy at all - just a nice bit of kick - and the crunch of the battered\/fried cauliflower with the melting cheese curds, etc? Just go get some for yourself. Do it... like, yesterday. SO GOOD). \n\nSoon enough, it was time for the game... and while the first innings felt quick? The game ended up going 13 INNINGS. Glad I had a comfortable seat for the game and that I could just enjoy everything. The stadium was also kept pretty clean during the game... bathrooms were clean, and the concourse wasn't too crowded (and you could still watch the game - for the most part - when away from your seat). \n\nTL;DR  Is Rogers Centre one of my favorite stadiums? No. Besides the highlight of, say, being able to look up when the stadium roof is opened and see the CN Tower? There's not much personality to Rogers Centre. The staff is organized and friendly though, the stadium is clean, and you can get decently priced seats... especially off the secondary market (got mine for the game from StubHub). Would I see a game here before others? Meh. But if the Yankees are in town, I'll plan a trip, treat myself to a great seat, and make the drive.