I'm in love with Vegas. And I'm also in love with the Aria. There's something refreshing about not having a set time to wake up, eat, drink, or go to bed. Pure freedom. Aria makes it especially easy with the best rooms on the strip, a central location and plenty of eclectic restaurants and amenities.\n\nLet's start with the room. They are full on Smart rooms. I'm talking touchscreen everything. Turn on the TV? Done. Change the temperature? Done. Open just the blackout curtains and leave the sheers closed? Done. It's awesome! There's even a goodnight button that let's you shut everything off and close the curtains at once. The beds are equally as amazing. Soft and luxurious linens cover a hefty pillow top mattress that I could fall asleep on for days straight. It'll cure any hangover (almost!). The bathrooms are large with his and her sinks, a large bathtub and a shower. The TV includes a component box where you can play music through your phone, stream movies through HDMI or connect your computer. Free turn down service is available by calling housekeeping where they leave you slippers and little chocolates by your bedside. And every window juts out a little so you get a small corner view. It doesn't sound like much but it makes a big difference when you're facing the strip!\n\nHow about the rest of the hotel? It's new so they know how smart it is to have high ceilings and pump the smoke out as quickly as possible. I read somewhere that 80% of the air is replaced each hour. It's still Vegas so it's not perfect, but step one foot inside Excalibur and you'll immediately notice the difference! They also scent the air with a hint of vanilla which is a nice touch. The restaurants on site vary from cheap to expensive and there are plenty options. Jean Phillipe is an affordable stop for a quick lunch or dessert (They're amazing! Try the Nutella napoleon!) while Lemongrass is my favorite moderately priced (cheap by Vegas standards) dinner restaurant serving Thai and Asian cuisine. While it's no Mandalay Beach or Mirage pool, the pool area is pretty solid with a choice of three pools. If you're looking to avoid children, head to the one in the back left and you'll be golden. \n\nOverall, while I've stayed at many hotels on the strip, I find myself coming back to the Aria. It's a true 5 star hotel unlike many of the three or four star properties that would easily lose a star if they were located anywhere else. With it situated directly in the center of the strip, the location is hard to beat as well. Do yourself a favor and try Aria out. You won't be disappointed.