Been there done that! I guess that's my outlook on the Vegas Rock N Roll. This was my first Rock N Roll event so silly me thought all of the chaos was normal. I had no business in the world staying at the Venetian - regardless of what the block rate was because I was so damn far away. I did so much walking prior to this race I am surprised I finished it. I have never seen so many people in my life! It took us forever to get to the start line and the lines for ladies restrooms in Mandalay Bay were sooo long. It was the dead of winter and freezing ass cold and windy as fuck! around corral 15 we decided there was no way we were even going to continue to try to push through the crowds to get to our corral, we ended up just huddling at the side and started with an earlier corral so we didn't freeze to death before getting to the start line. Yes, I am a CA girl so 40 degrees and windy is cold to me! Anyways, the course itself was flat and pretty easy. I loved running the strip - the excitement at the start line - took us through the first mile in what felt to be about 45 seconds, and we were lucky enough to be running past the Bellag just as a water show was going. The little white chapel was also a highlight for me, since I had never seen it. Fremont street was hard to feel out, we were there in gone SO fast. I did begin to drink water at mile 6 and continued to through mile 10 or 11 and did not get sick from it as others did. We did run through some very dark and deserted areas with some scary guys drinking 40s in the their yard (not a part of Vegas I ever need to see again). It was so crowded at the finish line, we managed to grab a bottle of water but didn't get snacks and did not want to wait in the enormous line for a finish line photo :( Not a lot of photographers along the route, so no good pics of us. The medals are awesome - they glow in the dark. The end of the race is an experience I want to never relive again in life and its painful to even recount. 44k runners and I don't know how many spectators stuck all over the strip, in the Mandalay lobby, on the monorail, taxi lines and streets was the worst ever! Then the rain started, OMG - this is when the tears came. Unbearable! WALKING back to the Venetian after this mess was a nightmare. I arrived at the expo Saturday with about 30minutes until closing so everything was pretty much shut down. Bib pick up was easy, shirt pick up was fine for me (although they had run out of men's shirts by then). I skimmed through quickly and left. I don't think I'll ever run Vegas again - if I do, I need a much better plan. It however, has made me grateful for other races - anything seems small and organized compared to this.