This is a Sri Lankan takeout place, in the heart of Mississauga in a strip mall, the chances were... the food was going to be good (according to Tyler Cowen's ethnic dining tips anyways -http:\/\/tinyurl.com\/57yfvj ). We had some trouble communicating as not much English was spoken, so didn't quite know what we were ordering or what it was composed of. Most things were vegetarian and we settled on an assortment of items - Puttu, Kothu Roti, fried vada's (fritters made out of lentils and dried chickpeas), and this breaded deep fried roll stuffed with mashed potato and spicy mutton or fish filling. \nThe Puttu with vegetables was a little bit dry and not very spicy. Depending on the time you visit the store, it can get a bit dry and i suggest asking for extra chutney (the green coconut one is my favourite). What i discovered with this dish is.. if i re-fry it and add some Cajun spices at home, it is the most delicious fusion of flavours(WAY better than the original way its sold)! Since its takeout, this is really easy to do, only around $5 for a large container good for 3 servings. \nThe Vadas were the same story. A little dry, but good with some saucey chutneys. Re-heat these only in the oven. Two of these suckers will fill you right up. \nThe Kothu Roti, is pieces of roti, chopped up and thrown together with a type of curry sauce and vegetables. I got the vegetarian variety but they also had chicken. I was on the fence about this dish. It was my first time trying it, so i wasn't sure if its supposed to taste better. It was good but compared to the other items I probably wouldn't order this again.\nNow for my *favourite* part! the mutton or fish rolls(I've tried them both, I think they have a different filling depending on day of the week). They are SPICY but so good you want to keep eating them despite the watery eyes. The flavours meld together well, and this is just all out carby flavour punch for $1.50 that you cant top for the price anywhere else. Totally worth the trek to 'Sauga. \nFood to feed 4 people - $15.