For me, I did not think this was a worth it buffet brunch. True, there was champagne. True, there was unlimited Lobster tails, crab legs, sushi, etc. However, I felt like there are just much better options in Vegas. We tried 3 buffets, one each day, and this was probably the most disappointing.\n\nLet's start with the good. The service was impeccable. The server were talkative and playful and they really grab your attention and have fun with the patrons. They are entertaining and that's why this place gained a star. Our server was just awesome. The ambiance and the dining was nice which is standard for a steakhouse. They are inside a steakhouse BTW.\n\nNow the bad. The place opened at 9:30 am. They check people in through their reservations and tell you to wait at their waiting corner. When the time comes, they call you to escort you to your table. We checked in at 9 with our reservation, so we did it early. We waited till 9:30. We waited in the waiting corner. We watched everyone who checked in too get seated. As time went on, we realized that everyone was seated including people who came later than us. It felt weird. I had to go back to the front and ask if we had been forgotten.  The hostess then proceeded to print our ticket and had us escorted to the table. This part made me feel like we weren't properly checked in. It started our day on the wrong foot. With that the experience for brunch kind of dwindled as the food didn't really save them.\n\nThe sushi was dry compared to other sushi buffets. The steak was dry as if it was under the heat lamp for so long. The Mahi Mahi was tough. The desserts were on par with other buffets. No ice cream though.\n\nFor $105 per person, I expected more. It was a bit saddening after trying other buffets before this one. However, if you value the lobster tail and the champagne highly, then go for it. Just be warned that you might be a bit disappointed in the quality of the food. \n\nJust for the record, I had 5 lobster tails, 5 glasses of champagne, 22 pieces of sushi, and other things.