I really wanted to like this place.  The vibe seemed really cool.  Actually, the vibe is cool.  And it's nice looking.  But so many wrongs completely cancelled out any good vibes. \n\nFirst, I ordered a margarita blended.  The blender behind the bar was broken. That's cool; I understand that happens.  So I asked for the same margarita on the rocks instead.  The cocktail waitress said, \"I don't know if that's possible, I'll have to check.\"  I replied, \"They can't make any margarita either blended or on the rocks?\" And she again said she'd have to check.  Hrm.  I was confused, but whatever I'm an easy going person.  Maybe she was new? \n\nFast forward about 15 minutes.  Yes, about 15 minutes before we saw anyone again.  Keep in mind we hadn't even actually ordered any drinks yet.  Our waitress confirmed she could do the margarita on the rocks.  OK, cool.  I knew that would be the answer; glad she was on board now too!  We ordered it plus a beer.  Also ordered some tacos. \n\n20 minutes later: the tacos come.  Still no drinks.  We asked the person who dropped off our tacos about the drinks.  He said he would check.  Cool; we're still patient at this point.  We can eat in the meantime.  The tacos were very, very disappointing.  Little flavor; very boring. The corn tortillas were soggy as though they'd been sitting for a while.  Two of the four tacos had gone cold.  We had planned on mentioning the cold tacos except no one ever came by before we decided we were so hungry we better just eat or pass out in the Arizona heat.  \n\nAfter eating half of the sad tacos, I finally had to chase someone else down regarding our drinks.  They reply they'll look for our waitress.  10 minutes later (at this point we are really timing this) our drinks come.  Great, except we've completely finished our food.  It was very irritating to go to a bar and get drinks served AFTER our sad food was eaten.  It was hot, though...freaking hot...and I can't wait for a nice, cold margarita!  So I dive into it...and it's got to be one of the worst margaritas I've ever had.  At least the beer was good!  Although the credit for the beer doesn't go to the bar, does it?  \n\nWe even had to chase someone down to get the check.  We paid and left behind my half-consumed margarita.  \n\nOh yeah, and a group of people next to us on the patio had a puppy with them.  It peed all over the patio floor.  A staff member saw the puddle of pee and laughed but did nothing.  Just stepped over it.  Gross.  \n\nWe will not be returning here and will quickly warn others from wasting their money here themselves.  Again, we wanted to like you, Salty Senorita!  But you were terrible to us.  :-(