I think the fact that this is the first review of this wonderful Italian place speaks less to its popularity or greatness and more to the reticence of its many fans to share its existence with the world. Everything about this place screams: keep me a secret!!\n\nIn the heart of the obnoxiously rich and snooty Forest Hill Village, hidden away in a little side street and barely visible from the stretch, its location does it no favors to those downtown pizza lovers looking for a new spot, but please, trust me, this is worth a trek (I'd recommend getting off at the Heath st. side of St. Clair west, and walking up towards the village from there). A small, dark beautiful and low key version of the familiar generic Italian restaurant, Banfi has an incredibly gracious and friendly staff, all of whom seem to all share the very rare art of making even first-time visitors feel like they are honored guests or long-time regulars: they are polite and attentive, but with that touch of casual intimacy that makes you feel at home. \n\nBut! Service is secondary to the appeal of this place which is, of course, its wonderful pizza. Thin, Roma-style crusts provide the base for, depending on your order, can be a delightfully minimal and classic experience (my personal favorite, the Pizzza Bufala is simply buffalo mozzerella on tomato sauce topped with full fresh basil leaves) to gooey meaty cheesy goodness (the quatro frommagi or, another favorite of anyone who has had it: The Lonsdale (named for the street the restaurant is on) which features, red onions, sausage, mozerella, gorgonzala, and other things I can't remember). On top of all this pizza wonderfulness, Banfi boasts good pasta (though not great, I'm not sure GREAT pasta exists in this city) and really excellent side dishes. Here is where the issue of cost comes in: Go to Banfi (or get takeout) for just the pizza and it is remarkably light on the wallet, the most expensive pizza (the abovementioned Buffala) coming in at 16$, however, if you can afford it I recommend trying their apps at least a few times, although they are small and often nearly as pricey as the pizza itself, they are without exception superb, especially both of the carpaccio's (tuna and beef) and the shockingly great scallops.\n\nIn short, go here, go here now. Take a date, yourself, or 5 of your friends, you will be treated wonderfull, have great, unpretentious, perfectly cooked (I'm looking askance at you Pizza Libretto on BOTH of those last counts) pizza and you will finally have a reason to step into the Forest Hill Village.