What a beautiful property! The grounds are really extensive, with many little hidden spots to sit and read a book, or even just watch the rabbits and quail wandering about. This is a great hotel to catch some R&R and just enjoy the springtime Scottsdale weather in classic Southwest architectural surroundings.\n\nAfter being driven to our building, we entered our room, which consisted of a bedroom and sitting area; big walk-in closet; and huge bathroom with his-and-her sinks, separate tub and shower, and enclosed toilet. After relaxing on the patio for a bit, we explored the property. The pond was beautiful, and we even saw children fishing for crappie with poles and tackle provided by the hotel. Among the many pools on the property, there was even one geared toward children with a pretty impressive waterslide.\n\nWe wandered through the lobby, stopping to check out Bourbon Steak, the Michael Mina restaurant. Next we walked past the fire pits and lounge seating of the outdoor Stone Rose bar, owned by Rande Gerber (yes, Mr. Cindy Crawford). As we got closer to our room, we also saw the Willow Stream Spa (gorgeous), newly reopened La Hacienda restaurant, and tennis courts.\n\nLater in our stay, we took advantage of some of the perks of the Fairmont President's Club so we could enjoy the courts. Neither the boyfriend nor I had brought athletic wear, but that wasn't a problem thanks to FPC. For $10 we were able to order Adidas workout wear and have it delivered to our room to keep for the duration of our stay. I received capris, a sleeveless top, a lightweight jacket, tennis shoes, and socks. He got shorts, a long-sleeved t-shirt, tennis shoes, and socks. Thanks to FPC, we also got racquets for free and only had to pay the court fee. There are at least seven courts, and one even features stadium seating if you want to pretend that you're Andy Roddick or Venus Williams and get your friends and family to cheer you on.\n\nService at the Princess was very friendly and welcoming. The minor low points we experienced had to do with our room being cleaned very late in the day when we wanted to be able to change and relax before heading out to dinner. Also, the pods for our in-room espresso maker were replaced with only decaf! I know--what a nightmare! ;) But it did cause us to get dressed and go in search of a coffee bar on property. There isn't one, but when I explained to the hostess at the casual bistro that we just wanted some coffee to take back to the room, she brought two cups out promptly and said they were on the house when I tried to pay for them.\n\nI would love to come back here for a longer stay, especially since I didn't have time to enjoy any of the many pools, even though the main one is open 24 hours a day. Nor did I get to do any shopping or take a spa treatment (more FPC discounts). I can see why this is an Abu J.-approved hotel.\n\n4.75 stars!