It pains me to give this 'ok' rating for Sweets Raku when I was the one who told my boyfriend that I desperately wanted to come here. I learned of Sweets Raku through social media, their creative and different-looking desserts intrigued me. My boyfriend was also curious and wanted to go. So we watched videos on how certain ones were made and did research of what exactly we wanted. It was a point to come to Sweets Raku during our trip just so we could experience it.  \n\nOn our visit, they did not have ANY of the desserts we planned on ordering. The Ringo and Primavera was not on the menu. I was so disappointed. There wasn't even an 'edible' menu. I had no idea this was going to happen. As I'm writing this review, it looks like their website is updated and current right now....but it wasn't when I checked earlier this year. Maybe I just have bad luck coming at a time when Sweets Raku decided to change their menu.\n\nWe were told that a new dessert Ichigo was a replacement to Ringo, so that brought my hopes up a little and we ordered that. I didn't care for the other desserts, but we wanted to get one more so I just decided on the Angel Cream because the description sounded like a safe dessert with ingredients I would like. We also got some teas to help with digestion after eating the desserts.\n\nICHIGO - A white chocolate shell filled with strawberries, cake, and mousse. There's also an imitation strawberry that's made of a sugar shell filled with sorbet and more mousse. We enjoyed watching Chef Mio make it. She was so delicate with her hands and the end result looked perfect and too beautiful to eat. However, all this dessert tasted like was strawberries. I love strawberries, and so does my boyfriend but I guess we were expecting something different from this. The imitation strawberry on the side was fun to crack open and eat. I really liked the sorbet inside, that gave a tangy taste and it saved this dessert from having too much sweetness from the strawberries. \n\nANGEL CREAM - A dome of fromage and pear cream with white chocolate wings and a 'candy' silver halo. This was really light and creamy which I liked. But it looked and tasted too simple. Nothing to be WOW'd about. Honestly, I wish I had gotten Mars or Mount Fuji instead for a better presentation.\n\nSo we paid $12 for each dessert. That's a lot to spend on something that just LOOKS GOOD. Seriously. The desserts are not worth anything else. Taste is mediocre and we were saying there are better looking AND tasting desserts at our bakeries back home where we live. Seems like Sweets Raku's had amazing desserts in the past, and that's how they garnered all these high Yelp reviews - but I feel like they are getting lazy and less creative. The desserts on the menu now are simple and not as complex as before. \n\nIf you don't like eating much and just want to spend money on pretty presentation and visuals, come to Sweets Raku.