A coupon for Carbonara's from one of those local, advert-ridden Town Planner Community Calendars had been nagging at me for months. Further exacerbating my itch, a woman we met at a Clutch concert earlier in the year told us she worked there, urging us come to come over for a spot of food. Last Sunday evening, a beleaguered Kay begged me to order pizza. Remembering the woman and the coupon and realizing I had yet to eat at Carbonara's, we placed a takeout order, whisking through Dormont, Mount Lebanon,  and back to Beechview. \n\nThe ticket was good for a free white pizza with the purchase of two large pies, toppings and other extras notwithstanding. \n\nI caught sight of the fellow Clutch fan as we awaited our food, but she was busy with patrons at the bar and was likely too buzzed the night of the aforementioned show to remember us, I imagine. So we let her be.\n\nThe dining room was bustling with middle-aged and elderly customers as expected. Booth seats resembled leather couches, and overall, the decor looked somewhat unfinished. Teen and twentysomething servers skipped about, trying hard to stay on top of demand and seemingly succeeding. Welcome to Shoppin' Center Suburbia on a South Hills Sunday evening. \n\nEach pizza, from the small white, to the two colossal regulars were centered around a crust that felt like a cracker on the outside and sourdough bread on the inside. Other analogies that come to mind are flatbreads and pita. The sauce was miniscule, stingy even, but the lardy, party-hearty provolone (not mozzarella) was in abundance, forming strands with each pull from the teeth. The toppings for each were all fantastic. Be it bacon, olives, mushrooms, pepperoni, or tomato, none of them were swept up in the mix. The mushrooms were fresh, the bacon seemed cooked to order, and the tomato slices were straight from a backyard garden. The white pizza, however, with its garlic, olive oil, and grated Romano, stood out from its other behemothic brothers with its confident flavor profile. Had the sauce been more plentiful, these dough saucers would have soared to a 5 with no turbulence encountered. \n\nDessert for me was a breezy, angelic, coffee-soaked primer on Tiramisu. Espresso-dusted, the cube of mascarpone was elegantly mousse-like, burying the pappy ladyfingers beneath in off-white luxury with hints of liquor subverting inhibitions slightly. It was fit for the opera. \n\nHere you have it, ladies, germs, foodies, and snobs, your quintessential, no-frills Italian-American family restaurant. Enjoy the 22 year-old Carbonara's for what it is and for what they do or kiss a bull's ass.