I don't like writing these type of reviews: If only a restaurant would live up to it's decor and menu-writing, Blue Hound would be a hit. Unfortunately, the food and the service didn't live up to the hype. But in response to all of the four and five-star reviews, there needs to be a dose of reality here, folks. Did we eat the same food?\n\nLet's start with the good: the restaurant is dazzlingly hip, filled with beautiful people accented by only the most sophisticated lighting, and filled with the energetic buzz that set our expectations high. My first thought? \"This will be a home run!\"\n\nI ate there with a group of foodie friends, all of whom were salivating with excitement to try what appeared to be a innovative and tasty menu. And it's received all this positive press; the media is always right...right?\n\nFor appetizers, we ordered the Endless Caramel Popcorn (poorly popped kernels seasoned with a non-nuanced avalanche of ancho chile. Where was the butterscotch flavor?) The Tater Tots were underwhelming, and the dip tasted like potato soup out of the can. The Hickman's Farm Deviled Eggs were the one shining moment of the entire meal, with an excellent balance of flavors and textures. \n\nI ordered Bob's Indian Red Peaches salad, for my entree, and was surprised with a very scantily-filled rectangular plate containing a small smattering of peaches, marcona almonds, a tidy--and tiny--pile of pepper cress greens and a few tiny lumps of fromage blanc. The peaches were delicious, but overall, it was all presentation and no substance. \n\nAlso ordered was the Ancho Chile Braised Pork Neck which was a soupy concoction with ...er... no apparent sign of pork in it. For $17, Blue Hound, feel free to include a speck of meat. Just sayin.' \n\nWhen the 4\" wide crock of Mac n' Cheese was set down in front of us (mind you--this is considered an \"entree\") we almost had to giggle at it's diminutive size. Tell me, when one orders mac n' cheese, are they feeling like nibbling on a sample-size portion? I think not. Fail.\n\nHopes always remain high for dessert, so we ordered with gusto: A few cake n' shakes (the Nutella shake was dismal, and the chocolate cake bites tasted on par with Costco bakery goods), Lemon Blueberry Cheese Cakes (or should they be called tubes? The cheesecake was served in a bewildering tube shape, plopped unappetizingly on a bed of granola and blueberries. Not lovely, but odd.), and an order of the most dry, flavorless mound of Carmelized Pineapple Upside Down Cake ever put into my mouth. It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.\n\nIn summary, if you want to blow a few hundred bucks on a lackluster, mediocre and disappointing meal that pretends to be so much more, the Blue Hound is for you. It's a shame.