After my poor, 4m old Alaskan Klee Kai got attacked by a mean and aggressive chihuahua back in 2009, she was not the same, sweet and well-tempered doggie. She would display aggression toward unfamiliar dogs that came near her and myself and would guard my fiance and me. I was in desperate need for help and asked some fellow dog owners on places to have her trained.\n\nWe scheduled a consultation with one of their trainers at the facility and he said he was concerned that my dog was displaying a bit of dog jealously when she saw me giving attention to another dog. He also explained that their e-collar was NOT a shock collar but was a training device to grab the dog's attention and wouldn't place the collar past 3 out of 10. I was initially impressed by their techniques as it appeared to work on my dog. However, I call BULLSH*T because at one point during one of the trainings the trainer had REPEATEDLY put the collar up to 8 to get my dog's attention.\n\nEven though I had experienced, first hand, how the e collar felt, I thought a 3 out of 10, which the trainer said had said SMS would never go above,  would be an acceptable threshold for my dog. 8 out of 10 on that collar is just straight up cruel and uncomfortable. FEEL an 8 out of 10 on YOUR OWN NECK\/HAND etc.; it's a crappy feeling. I felt that I didn't get much out of the 3 trainings that cost close to some ridiculous price over 500 bucks....we were not taught anything outside of the \"place\" command and I didn't feel that we learned how to use the e-collar as effectively to grab her attention. As a result, my dog seemed to experience more anxiety and it didn't fix her aggressive behavior but probably exacerbated it.\n\nTrust me, I followed everything the trainers told us to do but unfortunately this left my dog with an unimpressive improvement in her behavior and my fiance and I broke. I don't see what I did wrong except to decide to go with SMS rather than doing my research on dog trainers in the Valley. While I'm sure this technique would work for other dogs with specific temperaments, this technique was a total fail on my dog. So, before you resort to SMS, please do some research!