I recently moved to Toronto and was looking for a great facial. I get facials about every 6 weeks because I believe it counts as maintenance as I age. Leila did my facial and was excellent. She examined my skin and then customized my facial. My skin looked refreshed afterwards. I knew I had found my new skin guru! Before leaving I asked her to recommend an eye cream and a toner as I was getting low on my products. She explained to only spritz a toner and not to run a cotton ball on my face as its better for Ph etc. I appreciated her tip and said that I was glad because I don't like to rub toners on my face anyway and always use spritzers. When I came to the lobby Leila had put aside recommendations. As for the toner she said that it doesn't come with a spray but that I could buy a pump from the dollar store and just switch out the top and insert the pump spray. No problem. Leila gets 5 stars. Love her.\nMy bill was $388. I enjoyed the spa so much that I booked a facial for my husband the next day (Sunday). He gets facials quarterly and has been asking me to find a good place because his skin was looking tired. We are in our late 40's. Like I said, it's maintenance. \nThe next morning I opened my toner and realized there was no way you could take the top off and replace it with a spray pump. It's a plastic squeeze bottle with a tiny hole in the top so the only way you could spray it is if you squeezed the entire contents of the bottle into another bottle. For $43 there are spray toners out there instead of doing this. I want something I'm going to buy and use consistently. I'm not going to squeeze the contents out of one bottle to put into a spray bottle every single time I run out and have to buy a new one. That's just silly. I wrote the reason on the back of the receipt and asked my husband to return it when he went for his facial. It was less than 24 hours that I had the product, it was never used, I had the receipt and even put it back in the original packaging. No rips or dents, it looked exactly as it had when I bought it 18 hours earlier. \nAfter my husband's facial he asked to return the toner explaining that I had written the reason for the return on the back of the receipt. The snotty blonde receptionist refused to take it back. My husband told her that it was poor customer service. He runs a company and understands the importance of taking care of the people that support you. My husband explained this to me via text. I decided to go inside when I picked him up because surely he got it wrong. He just spent around $100 and I spent almost $400 the day before. $500 in two days and they won't return $43? I went around and around with this gal explaining the situation. I explained I would not have bought it had I known I couldn't just change out the top. This is what I was told by a member of your staff.  I was infuriated that this was the customer service I was experiencing. The receipt did not say no refunds on it and nobody said anything about not being able to return it when I purchased it. I said to the girl, \"I get a facial almost every single month, my husband gets one every 3 months, we just spent $500 in here in the last two days and you are going to refuse to take back $43?!\" She held to her guns. I couldn't believe it. I was dumbfounded that someone could have such little business sense working in an industry that has so much competition. I told her, \"that's just stupid business. Do you realize how much money you are turning away?\" I loved my facial, my husband enjoyed his but yet, we will never step foot in here again because the employees who handle customer service are not trained to make informed decisions to provide good customer service. At this point an intelligent staff member came around the corner who had been listening. She quickly made an executive decision to refund my money. The blonde girl was annoyed but did as she was told. She never once apologized. She did say, \"Well I said you could have a credit on your account\". I looked at her and said, \"You never ONCE said that to me! Not one time did you offer anything at all. I would have taken a store credit because I would have come back for another facial but you did not offer it.\" All she said was \"I'm just doing what I've been instructed to do.\" Well honey, you just lost your owner about $2200\/yr in revenue, (that doesn't even include massages that I try to get quarterly) not to mention how many people I would have recommended this spa to and you have now also earned yourself a bad review on Yelp. All for $43. I hope it was worth it. As I was walking out, I asked for the intelligent staff member's name. \"Doreen\". I then said, \"Please thank Doreen for me.\" Snotty blonde girl just gave me a smug look and said nothing. At some point, you need to suck up your pride and apologize to your customer. If not, people get mad and won't come back. Hence, I will take my business to one of the many other spas in Toronto.