Actual rating 3.5.\n\nThe best advice to Vegas on a budget is to eat off-Strip if you can. Not only does eating out become much more reasonable, you would be surprised of the variety of options. Considering that most locals avoid the Strip if at all possible, some of the real hidden gems can be found.\n\nTo a lot of locals, this restaurant is one of those gems. Most plates are less than $10\/order, which is unheard of on the Strip. Not only that by eating here the plates can feed you for at least half the day. While there are no reservations and everyone in your party must be present, if you can wait 30 minutes to an hour, the meal would be worth it.\n\nThe menu features quite a bit of Hawaiian and Filipino plates, so when eating here try one of the plates and upgrade to a short stack of pancakes if you can. My order consisted of the homemade corned beef hash and eggs over medium ($10.95) with an upgrade to garlic fried rice ($1.00) and red velvet pancakes. \n- The corned beef is similar in texture to the corned beef found in the square American cans which are commonly given as gifts when people visit the Philippines on vacation. Personally I like the Australian corned beef found in the bigger round cans, but this is hard to come by and only one restaurant I know served it like that. Still delicious.\n- Garlic fried rice has an interesting note - \"contains onions\". I can taste more onion powder than I can the garlic. Also still good.\n\nPancakes are good, but I was more impressed by sight than taste. The pancakes look quite fluffy and I like the toppings, but the pancakes just by themselves are plain with a slightly bitter aftertaste due to having too much baking powder. The toppings really do make the pancake taste a lot better, which was the case with the red velvet (cream cheese) and the hazelnut (Nutella).\n\nMy family likes to go here for breakfast because you can get full here for the same price as eating out at IHOP or a little more than Denny's. Despite some of my minor issues I would still recommend eating here as you get good value for your money.