I feel like a major douche giving AZ88 five stars, since it is the douchiest doucheclub in all of Doucheville aka Scottsdale. But let me focus on the positive before you get mad at me for mocking Scottsdale... I have no choice but to admit it: this place does what it purports to do extremely well. And that deserves 5 stars. \n\nIt's not promising you a nitty gritty urban experience, so why get mad it for not being that? It's Scottsdale at its Scottsdaliest. Why would anyone come here, knowing what it is, and then complain? In fairness, that probably irritates me about as much as people who move to the Phoenix area in general and then complain about it. Shut up! Unless your name is Jerry Colangelo or Robert Sarver, no one cares that you don't like it here! Go home if you don't! I'll even give you a free ride to the airport!\n\nAZ88 is a fancy schmancy designer lounge with lots of girlie drinks (I happen to like girlie drinks for the record, and am confident enough in my masculinity to order them in public), plush designer couches, and hip, elegant artsy decor. Pretty symbolic and representative of Scottsdale culture in general. If you're allergic to that vibe, as is your constitutional right to be, just stay away and everyone will be happy. But if you like to mix it up a little now and then, this should definitely be on your list for experiencing Scottsdale. The design is definitely my favorite part, especially the outdoor banana-like thing that covers the patio, and the cool all-glass pillars that surround the patio. Owner Karl Kopp spent a poop-load of money designing this place and continues to do so to maintain it. (I believe Kopp completely revamps the interior art once a month, without fail, so all the people who made fun of the lame logo on the wall in earlier reviews are, ironically, simply out-dated).  He sort of knows what he's doing, since he also runs a successful trendy bar in Manhattan. He's also building a new one in downtown Phoenix (expected opening date: May 2008). \n\nI came here for a late lunch earlier today (my first time eating here actually), and ordered the \"hamburger au poivre, deux\". It was drowning in peppercorns, and I am madly in love with peppercorns so it was a hamburger fantasy come true.