I stopped by Waffles Incaffeinated with my out-of-town friend and her dad this past Sun. morning.  Despite anticipating a wait, there was none at the time of our arrival (9am), so we were seated right away.  I had been wanting to visit this place for awhile, given that I'm a waffle fan and that their menu contains many interesting options of both sweet and savory waffles.\n\nGiven that I'd never tried a savory waffle and that many reviewers mentioned the eggs benedict waffle, I decided to try it.  My friend and her dad both stayed on the sweet side and ordered megaberry waffles, and he additionally had bottomless coffee.  I can only speak for my waffle, since I didn't try theirs.  The waffle itself was crisper than I expected based on previous reviews, which was great, since I enjoy crisp waffles.  The ratio of toppings to waffle was plentiful, and consisted of the components of classic Eggs Benedict (Canadian bacon, poached eggs, and Hollandaise sauce), as well as some real crab meat and a few scallions.  Unfortunately, I found the Hollandaise sauce rather flavorless and underseasoned, which led me to wonder what went into it (margarine or unsalted butter, perhaps?) and how it was made (blender method?).  Moreover, as others have mentioned, the portion was a bit small, esp. given the price (over $9).\n\nWhile our server was friendly and courteous, and was able to answer my questions, I also found the 25-30 min. wait for our food to be quite lengthy, esp. given that not all of the tables were filled.  At other places serving breakfast food, the wait has been half as long, which leads me to believe that the kitchen is inefficient at getting out orders in a timely manner. Fortunately, we weren't in a rush, but this is something to consider if you're pressed for time.\n\nDespite these shortcomings, my guests and I enjoyed our meal at Waffles Inc., so I was torn between 3.5 and 4 stars.  However, for me, a 4 star experience must contain no more than one major shortcoming, so 3.5 stars it is.  Having said that, I would certainly be willing to return and to try a different waffle, which would hopefully allow me to increase my rating.