Oh, Oregon ... with the satiric show Portlandia comes the mass amounts of stereotypes. We all know the upper northwest is known for it's scenery, chilly-sometimes gloomy weather, amazing food and maybe hipsters- this is where they originate right? I mean flannel, beards and artsy folk come from here right? Just kidding - kinda. If there is one thing for sure it is that they know how to make some damn good coffee and that is shown through Dutch Bros.\n\nHonestly never heard of Dutch Bros and had it on a bookmark for a while now and decided to grab an iced coffee on a whim. Drive- thru was backed up= good & bad problem? To help speed the line along there was a worker taking orders (think In-N-Out) who had the iciest, blue eyes I've ever seen ... oh right! He was so friendly and nice, it was like talking to an old friend that I almost forgot to put in my order ... or it could've been because I was lost in his eyes. Kidding again- kinda.\n\nMedium, Iced, Cocomo- ready for me at the window and got a stamp card. This drank had me saying, \" You go Glen Coco!\" all the while sipping away in the car. If you're a fan of Barefoot\/Chromatic's (in Santa Clara, CA) Dark Coconut Mocha and think it's the best, this will definitely challenge that! This is the best, though definitely for one with a sweet tooth. Also has that creamy, smooth mouthfeel you get at Chromatic as well.\n\nI came back again the next day to try the Annihilator, which claims to be a Chocolate Macadamia nut flavored coffee, it really just reminds me Hazelnut tbh. I down a Medium like nothing, it's that good! Their iced coffees are just life!\n\nThe thing with their coffees is that they taste great, not burnt like other coffee chains (*ahem Sbux), good flavor, great caffeine buzz (the most important factor), fast service, stamp cards, good price and awesome staff.\n\nThe staff here is so nice, it's kind of scary ... like do I even know you? Oh, but I will because I'm forever converted- so potentially ... kinda.