Oh my gosh, I love Crazy Pita and I frequent all three of the locations in town. This is truly a local business, with a trio of locations owned by one guy. All three have their strengths and weaknesses, but all three serve absolutely delicious food. \n\nIf you're looking for healthy eats, this is your place. Sure, you can get a plate of french fries if you must, but the grilled skewers, Mediterranean vegetables, hummus with olive oil, Greek salad, and fluffy couscous are good for your body! My go-to here is the mixed skewer plate ($15) with chicken and shrimp. The plate comes with a hearty skewer of grilled chicken breast, a skewer of grilled shrimp, couscous with tasty veggies (including squash and zucchini), an amazing feta salad (topped with olives, chopped tomatoes, cucumbers, and feta), and a little side of hummus with pita bread (white or whole wheat). \n\nThe portions may be hearty but the prices certainly are hefty. I like to eat here before or after a movie and dinner for two with sodas runs a little over $40.00 with tax. That's almost as much as eating at a sit-down full service restaurant!\n\nBut as the old adage goes, you get what you pay for, and the food is seriously top notch. Quality ingredients make for a happy tummy. I've also noticed that the employees at all the locations are a cut above most fast food workers. Think In-N-Out quality employees.  \n\nThere are a couple of minor negatives, however. First, let's talk about the hummus. I know Crazy Pita probably has wants to have dumbed-down hummus that appeals to non adventurous eaters, but their version is pretty lame. It's also so watery and thin that it doesn't even taste like or resemble traditional hummus (I want thick hummus topped with olive oil)! They do provide a communal olive oil container by the soda machine, but it's low quality oil, or at least it tastes like it. Second, I really, really hate how when you place an order at the register and pay via credit card, the system automatically prompts you to add a tip. A tip? For what?! I despise how so many places are guilt tripping customers into tacking on 20% or more to reward a person for simply doing their job. I have to tip someone taking an order? No thanks.\n\nOverall Crazy Pita is the tops. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Yes, it's expensive and can get pricey really quickly (if you order soda or sides). But give it a try, I know you'll love it!