The Skinny: practical clothing, cute clothes, good quality and prices. Still hassle free returns and now... free shipping to stores with online purchases (hurray!).\n\nIf you are a new parent, you understand that sometimes when it comes to clothing, practical clothes matter. Because getting an infant into any sort of clothing while going on less than 2 hour stints of sleep is a gargantuan task.\n\nEnter Carter's. One major plus is how easy some of the stuff is to put on. Keywords - one piece outfits save your life. The option to have zippers instead of gazillion snap closures (the sleep and play collection is your friend). One piece dresses where you don't have to fuss with a diaper cover (I hate diaper covers!). Oh and for newborns, the sleepers with the elastic bands on the bottom so you don't even have to zip\/button things up with diaper changes. Plus the side snap onesies too so you don't have to make your LO wail when you change it. The cuteness is a bonus.\n\nPricing is important too - kids need a lot of clothes which they outgrow quickly. So far, Carter's prices are very reasonable for the quality. Make sure to sign up for their email and you'll get 20% coupons off $40 purchases (excludes doorbusters, clearance) all the time. Couple that with a good sale and you are golden. Also, you can get $10 for every $75 in spend.Sweet no? You can go to other stores and get Carter's branded stuff but overall, the best deals are in the Carter's stores themselves.\n\nReturns are hassle free although sometimes I feel bad for the employees at the store. They only have 2 registers and sometimes customers come in with a huge pile of returns (no joke, this lady in front of me had a massive pile - at least 20+ items to return\/exchange - totally felt bad for the employee.). That being said, it's worth the wait because when you need to exchange something, you know you'll get the same service. \n\nPersonally, I have been to the other Carter's stores and the employees at this one are way  nicer than the other ones in town. Although they don't have the extensive selection at other stores, I still have a sweet spot for my local store.