Happy Drinko De Mayo, which means \"drink the mayonnaise.\" ? :|\n\nI found myself having dinner out last night and spending this day fox-holed in a bunker because I'm in a town where there's a large... element of celebration whose highlights are at 11:00, our version of L.A. Lite after the Lakers win the Championship.\n\nSo, I wasn't able to go to Taco El Gordo, but it certainly was foremost on my mind. I felt like I was cheating on my date by dreaming of the accommodating, doting and comforting restaurant I made hot monkey dinner with weeks ago. \n\nAdmittedly, the first time I went PAST?? Gordo was with trepidation. The place where the now legend resides is a place where a couple of businesses ago, I got to go out with the first (of 4, so far) Vegas bartenders I had gone out with. The location tanked after construction halted on Echel-outofluck. (Construction workers also gott busted for drinking during lunch). So businesses got a rep of not lasting long near the intersection.\n\nNearby, if you can't stay in business selling espresso & cwof-fee in lingerie, that's tough times depression. Even the jewel of Baker, Ca. The Mad Greek couldn't survive at this very location. (They did better at a couple of off strip locations).\n\nBut this last time I was near, there were lines OUT the door. And this was not one line but 6 wide in the building. And there wasn't 1 pissed off person in the place, we were all salivating over the smells of the grill like zombies surrounding a chess competition (BRAAIINS). \n\nThe tacos looked great, but honestly, I've had those before at other places. When I find a special restaurant, I want the big sampler for variety. There wasn't really one, so I decided to get the largest thing on the menu, the carne asada fries. And normally the few times I eat meat, I get chicken. But since the beef wasn't ground, I got that. As delicious as the spicy pork looked being sliced off the gorgeous hunk of rotating abodada, pork always celebrates a little too much and pisses off my stomach's downstairs neighbors.\n\nAnd then, AND THEN, as if that weren't enough, I got something to drink and not only found horchataaaaaah, which I love, but also a long lost friend beckoned from the past that I had not seen in decades: ORANGE BANG, the bastard cousin of the Orange Whip, also on the endangered list. Give to World Wildlife Fund generously to save or stun, tag and monitor the mating habits of these beautiful beasts.\n\nSo I got carne asada fries. As much as I would love yelp to have a MotherF'er button I know it would get abused, but here it's quite applicable. The benches outside were rightfully packed, so I plopped unceremoniously on the astroturf putting green they had nearby. I positioned myself as to where I could see the most women standing in limos hollering WOOOO as I could see. \n\nThere I was sitting, looking at my dinner, actually star struck. I think pictures of food are helpful on yelp, but the actual process of taking pics of your food is odd and strange. Take pics of your food like no one's watching? And yet there I was taking pics, reciting \"this is my carne asada fries. There are many others like it, but this one is mine to devour until I am picking bits of it out of my eyebrows.\"\n\nI took before and aftermath pics of the carnage of disheveled paper and styro goods. I was full 2\/3's of the way, so I sat for awhile and then resumed until I finished every rigoddamn delicious fry and bit of veg there was. \n\nThere are 4 other mexican food places I love in all of Vegas. But this one had the best first impression of them all! Enjoy it now before a corporation buys them out and homogenizes them!\n\nI didn't feel competent enough to tackle the Campechana, largely because I didn't see anyone else get it, out of all those people? But someday I will get down on that. Someday..