AVOID!! AVOID!! AVOID!! Ripoff!!! Walked in with my daughter. Simple mani pedi for both of us. Pedi water was cold, and when they finally got to us, it was quite obvious that we weren't getting quality. Our people barely looked at us, they spoke to all the other nail techs surrounding them and kept getting up for random things. I'm not even sure wtf they were doing. I tried to explain that this was a special day, my daughters first time enjoying a nail treat and I would appreciate it they could focus the time we were paying for on us. I know they understand English, but they act like they don't. They nod and smile and look away. Rushed through the actual pedicure (not to be mistaken with the overly long, overly cold soak), when they got to our nails they asked my daughter if she'd like a single gem on each nail and very clearly said it's an extra dollar. Not an extra dollar for each nail. I asked twice. I didn't want polish, just a buff. Got up to the counter to pay for what was a fairly horrible first experience for my kid, and they had overcharged extremely. A dollar per nail w\/1 single tiny gem, toenails too. They charged me $5 for getting NO POLISH, then another $5 for buffing my nails.  WTF??? I absolutely refused to pay for that and asked for the manager. After explaining what happened and asking how can you charge me extra for NO POLISH and then to buff?? Plus totally mislead the cost of a speck on each nail??? She called over the people who worked on us, seriously think it was just an act and they were really talking about what they were going to order for lunch. They speak so quickly with such heavy accents to confuse you when you ask for clarity. They rely on this confusion. I gave them 2 options; I can pay the entire bill and not tip a penny (since I was already liberated of my money by their shyster scam), or they can retain TWO repeat clients by charging the original cost plus a tip. They choose the first. Expensive lesson just to learn that this place has ZERO ethics. Makes me wonder where else they skimp and scam? Sanitizing equipment ain't cheap. But they are!! \nBUYER BEWARE!!