Falling in love with the Golden Tiki was like slipping into a jungle full of beatitude! Strong Tiki Cocktails were flowing as freely as a Waterfall! The atmosphere is as Upbeat and Adventures as the Starry Night! And those bartenders really know how to Welcome You to the most Exotic TwentyFour Hour Bar in Vegas! \n\nBefore arriving to Vegas we had our eyes set on this Island as a MUST visit! Laid back exciting bar without being a club atmosphere or over the top. Located in Chinatown they are in the same strip mall\/plaza area as Pho Kim Long towards the middle. If you are staying on The Strip such as we were then it is only a short 8-10 min Uber ride! \n\nAs mentioned earlier with your first step inside you feel as if you are transported to a Tropical Jungle Island with a long bar serving up tasty ingredients such as Jamaican Rums- Ginger- Thai Basil- Pineapple Dole Whip- Tropical Juices- Lemongrass- And Much More! You did not read wrong! Yes -- PINEAPPLE DOLE WHIP!!!! It is just as delightful as it sounds and FREE with your Yelp Check In! \n\nThe Bartenders here are absolutely fantastic people! You can really tell that they enjoy their job and have such a great time doing it! Their energy and enthusiasm is contagious making you want to stay that much longer enjoying the full Tiki Experience! Along with the expansive long bar that has casino games at each spot they also have small intimate bar-top tables, lounge seating, and a dimly lit Pirates Cove! I absolutely love the decor and vibe throughout! The Starry Ceiling is really impressive and you can not miss your photo op in the big Clam Shell!\n\nAs far as what you will be sipping on the skilled bartenders will make sure not to let you down! We had one of the best Dark n Stormy Cocktails! Three Dots and a Dash and the Golden Tiki were both tantalizing on the palate but my favorite is by far the Navy Grog! Blends of different kinds of Rum with the perfect amount of White Grapefruit Juice and Honey Syrup making for a Powerful and Rich Cocktail! Presentation of your cocktail is also not left short! Your drink comes with a hallowed out half Lime with a Rum Shot on Fire! Caution! Pirate Eye Patches are available behind the bar! ;) \n\nSo in short- This is a MUST visit! With only being in town a short amount of time we visited the Tiki twice and still craved more! Check it out yourself as they are always there to serve up Banana Batida's, Zombie Punch Bowls, Kahuna Swizzle's, and Bamboozled Cocktails to Please 24 Hours a day!