I have a shopping problem. \n\nBy that I mean I will gravitate to the most extravagant thing in the room\/section\/department\/store\/mall... whatever. I have a shopping problem. \n\nThat being said there are a few things that I love and have accepted that will not change about me in the future without some sort of catastrophic or supernatural intervention. \n\n1) The lovely gentleman, Walter Santiago, in the shoe department at this Nordy's will be able to retire early based on his sales to me alone. The man glanced at my feet, shod with shabby old shoes and definitively stated my size (correctly I might add). He then advised me against even trying one pair I was considering because he said their construction would not work well with my instep. Of course I ignored him because they were adorable, but when he brought them out he was right. They felt like anvils that had glass shard straps. Lesson one from Walter: if it doesn't feel fabulous... don't buy it! \n\nLuckily this guy knows his stuff. Having the foresight that I would not be able to wear those toe torturing tools for more than 1 minute, he brought me 2 other similar choices, that because of their styling, would work on my feet. Not only that, they were styles that I hadn't even noticed amongst the bazillion shoes they have available, one was cheaper than my original selection, and it was so cute that it actually made me clap my hands in delight when I got them on. Lesson two from Walter: if you don't love it... don't buy it! \n\nAnd so my relationship with Walter began as a love story and continues to grow. There are many other lessons, but you can find out for yourself. Just ask for him when you get to shoes and he will make you feel like you are the only one that matters. From boots, to ballet flats, reasonably priced to extravagant, the man has changed my life. Well at least the life of my feet. : ) \n\n2) There are so many other wonderful things about this store that I never would have known, had it not been for a friend that dragged me there (literally) a few years ago. The prices can actually be affordable. Their sales are amazing. Their service (web, return, etc.) is unmatched. The bra department has given my girls new lift. The live music makes me want to linger. They Valet. They hold your bags while you shop. I literally put the private sales in my calender so I don't miss them. I am already starting to vibrate with anticipation at the upcoming annual holiday party night. Well, I could just go on but you get the point. \n\nIf you are going to shop, try it. My feet and my girls are pretty sure you will like it.