I wonder about restaurants named after cities. Is it considered a slight against the food in the transplant city? Is Boston's saying: \"People of Phoenix, your food is so non-descript that we're bringing in the menu based on a city whose Irish-American citizens are most famous for eating potatoes.\" Or does it really matter more which city it is? So if a restaurant opened up that called itself \"San Francisco's\", it might not be that much of a snub? As opposed to a place called Detroit's (\"Featuring cuisine inspired by the people of the Motor City\"), it would be a civic smack in the face?\n\nAn important question. But since I'm not a Phoenix native, I had no skin in this game and felt it was fair to visit Boston's to dine. It's billed as a pizza place, but really this has the feel of a sports bar. And not a bad one, I should add. There is a really wide area of large tables set out in front of the bar with a number of big screen TVs for your convenient viewing pleasure. I also liked that they had a number of high tables; there's far too many tiny seats these days that make you feel like you're low-rider dining.\n\nThe interior design is a bit generic: the comparisons to Applebee's or Chili's are fair. There is room for an upgrade here. Since this is more of a sports bar, some memorabilia could help; maybe Kurt Warner can donate a jersey. Or better yet, now that he's retired, perhaps they could employ Kurt Warner as a greeter.\n\nThe tabletops have a number of coasters with questions on them that range from \"Hottest Actress\" to \"Best City\". Apparently designed to provoke a generic discussion on an awkward date, I felt that the \"Best City\" coaster was a bit of a trick question: is the correct answer Boston or Phoenix? Or should I just say screw it and go with Seattle? (TAKE THAT PORTLAND! YOU'RE NOT EVEN ONE OF THE CHOICES!) Anyways, conversation starters if you're desperate.\n\nAnd speaking of starters, I went with an appetizer: the Southwest Ravioli. It's a ravioli (no false advertising here) stuffed with cheese (Monterrey Jack and cheddar) with jalapeno peppers and ranch dipping sauce. It was greasy and decadent. I loved it and even considered ordering a second round.\n\nInstead I went with a main course. Now I know that it's a pizza place, but I'd just finished a half marathon a few hours before and wasn't certain if my stomach was yet up to pizza. So I went with the.....Bacon Cheeseburger. This works well as a stand-alone menu item: it comes with cheddar and mozzarella (I love the cheese emphasis at this place, the owner must be a mouse), onions, lettuce and mayo. There may have been tomato also, but I think I disdainfully tossed these away. Regardless, this was a fine burger cooked just right.\n\nService here was also prompt and my pop refills were frequent and performed without me having to notify them. If I lived in the Phoenix area, I would consider this a nice place to catch a game.