I've got so many good things to say about Yoga One...I don't know where to start.  I've been going since it opened in late 2005 or early 2006.  I've watched it grow and grow.   In fact they've grown so much, they are moving to a larger space soon.\n\nVenue:  Kinda \"underground\"...warm colors, very beatnik feel, all natural and just a good atmosphere.  Studio fits around 72 or so.  But only the \"Prime Time\" classes are usually Full.  If you go anytime other than immediately after work...you should be fine without feeling over crowded. There is a boutique that offers yoga attire and yoga related books.  Couple of bathrooms with showers and a changing area with some lockers.\n\nInstructors:   ALL INSTRUCTORS ARE TOP NOTCH.   I'm never let down by the performance of any of them.  I can't pick a favorite because they all offer something slightly different to each practice.  The instructors are highly educated and know how to cue and assist for optimal performance.   YOGA ONE is also an instructional academy.  They teach new teachers how to teach.  \n\nClasses:  Almost all classes are based on Baron Baptiste's Hot Vinyasa Flow method.   The room is near 98 degrees and somewhat steamy.   They don't offer many basics classes...but you can go to any All Levels class and they cue easier options for first time participants.  They always welcome newcomers as any gracious host would.  They have classes through out the day and later in the evening 6 AM - 8:30 or 9:00 PM.\n\nParticipants will find that each individual may be at a different place in their personal practice.  The person on your right may be a human pretzel and the person to your left may be falling all over the place.   There is no place for competition in this studio and the instructors set that precedent with their tone and explanation of the practice intention for each visit.  Judgment free zone.\n\nAll in all...I'm amazed at the feeling and results that I get after each and every practice.....  It is a total connection and perfect combination of Mind, Body, and Breathing.  You leave class feeling tight and lean and your mobility is incredible.\n\nYoga One has been with me from the very beginning of my Journey.   I've tried one or two other places....but this is my \"home\".   \n\nTry it out...they have great deals for newcomers.  (Wish i could take advantage of those).