Let's start with the good: nice lighting, fancy-feeling atmosphere, table settings are fancy. Polite staff. \n\nThey legit gave us what appeared to be cut up Wonderbread, meanwhile everyone else around us had sourdough. The bread was laughable, I had to ask the waiter what this was. For a place that serves $15 glasses of wine and $30 pastas, I would expect more. He said it was fresh. \"Fresh out of the Dempsters bag, you mean?\" He responded that it was from the lobster place next door at the Assembly Hall. Oh ok, so they thought it was appropriate to cut up sandwich bread and serve that. Pretty sure if they had given us no bread at all we would have been happier. It was borderline insulting.\n\nThe crowd is very homogeneous, and of the older white male in suits variety. One patron even bowled into my friend on his way out the door, knocking her aside. No apologies or anything, we were both in shock that happened. \n\nMy main wasn't bad. It wasn't anything special flavour-wise but the pasta at least looked fresh. I got the tagliatelle with Bolognese. The noodles were asymmetrical at times which made it look fresh and authentic. That was probably the highlight. \n\nWine was mediocre. They definitely don't specialize in wine, and for an Italian restaurant, didn't appear to have any of the more interesting-sounding Italian wines by the glass. The Australian Shiraz was disappointing; not sure if it'd been open for a while but it didn't taste great. \n\nService was friendly and polite but condescending and even gaslighting at one point. For dessert they brought us donuts that were raw on the inside and burnt on the outside. The server insisted it was because of the ricotta, but it was obvious where the separation lied between the ricotta and raw dough. He tried to convince us it wasn't raw and that it looked that way because of the ricotta. I asked to speak to the manager because there's no way that was cooked. The manager said he will ask the chef. As a manager you should know. Our theory was that because it was late they rushed to get it done so they could go home, cranking up the heat of the deep fryer and cooking it for less time, resulting in a raw centre and burnt exterior. They had candied orange and some spices on it, so on paper it sounded amazing, and it smelled good, but it was poorly executed. I think if the real chef had made these as intended it would've had the potential to be really good because I have a hard time believing this was true to the design or that their head dessert chef was on-site.\n\nThe manager was kind enough to comp our wine for the bad experiences of running out of proper bread and giving us raw donuts, otherwise this would've been a solid 1-star. \n\nI can't say I would ever go back, but I am still willing to try the Assembly Hall next door even though Little Anthony's owns it. It's a completely different setup and atmosphere, but the people and vibe are different.