District, it's the restaurant & bar in the newly opened Sheraton in downtown.  What can you say about being at a place on opening really.  It's shiny, the leather is fresh, the decor is new, and so are the staff.  Being the first official day open, there was staff everywhere, but that was taken advantage of quickly.  They all were eager to talk, only thing is most of them have not sampled the full line-up of wares.  I looked for suggestions before ordering, but could not receive any.  By no means did this stop me from trying items though.  The main theme of food and beverages is local, or least from the United States (or territories).  The first thing noticed was the beer on tap, all microbrews, and half of them from Arizona breweries.  The wine list was decent, but 95% of them hailing from California.  Liquor selections were the same, all U.S. made, meaning no tequila.  They were still waiting for half of their bottles to arrive, as the shelves did not match the menu yet.  I suppose items like Tito's Vodka from Texas is not the easiest item to have on hand upon opening.  Although I was promised it would arrive soon.  The menu was not extensive and nothing screamed try me, but a few descriptors did engage my eyes, such as 'angry onions'.  Still, nothing outrageous or unheard of.  Being with a baseball-minded friend, we did sit at the bar (the restaurant being empty) just to have something to watch and decided to sample from several apps.  Local Jerky, as listed, was locally produced jerky ranging from Elk to Buffalo to Turkey.  It came out served on a wooden plank in a small canning jar.  Accompanying it were stone ground mustard, sea salt, and pickled garlic, all in small white angled bowls.  Next item was chips and dips, house-made potato chips in a large bowl on a wooden plank as well.  They came tandem with some very chunky onion dip and boat dip.  The jerky was tasty, with several different styles to gnaw on, it made for a unique gnoshing experience.  The chips were tasty, but about the same as if you made them yourself at home.  Later in the evening we still needed more sampling and ordered up some sweet potato 'tots'.  They were served with ranch on the side and arrived again on the wooden plank.  The tots appeared to have been steamed in Indian tradition.  They were mushy, but in the good sense, and full of flavor.  Overall the food was decent.  The building itself is gorgeous.  The staff needs time to become knowledgeable.  Next time, I may sit and have a full meal.