Ok Mr. Lube, you've got a great spokesperson in your owner in Dragon's Den.  You have friendly ads and the memorable logo that explains everything you do.  You promise fast service in no time at all.  What you don't ever mention is your outrageous prices!!!\n\nI normally get my car done at Meineke or some other places like Wal Mart and so on, but usually you have to set an appointment or be willing to wait for a few hours sometimes.  But I had an hour or two to kill at the time, and it was already late enough in the day that it would have been impossible to get my car into either of my usual places.  Besides, I saw the ads, and thought, why not.\n\nWell, first things first, getting a fast oil change went right out the window.  All the bays were full, but there was no other line up.  When I asked about when I could get an oil change, I was told that they might have an opening in over 1\/2 hour.  Well, so much for the truth in advertising.  But hey, I did have time to kill, and there was a pub in the same strip mall, so I thought sure, why not.\n\nThat's when the other shoe dropped.  He quoted me $140 for an oil change that I get done at Meineke for $20.  Apparently the guy thought I was either just off the boat or totally clueless about the going market.  If I'm going to pay that kind of prices for an oil change, they had better damn well detail the car as well.  When I asked why were there prices anywhere from 3 to 7 times the going market rate and what it included, he said, you get an oil change and that's the price, take it or leave it. \n\nSo I did what any sane person did.  I left it, and have steered clear of ALL Mr. Lube locations across Canada.  If my engine was on the verge of explosion and possibly taking out the entire population of Calgary with it and only an oil change could stop the reaction, I would STILL steer clear of them.  \n\nThis is obviously highway robbery, and they can get away with those rates because some people don't want to wait an hour... which I would have been forced to have waited anyways that trip had I gone through with it.  Sorry guys, but you soured me on this chain forever!\n\n#35 of Yelp's 30-Day Review Challenge