At Friendly Donut House, every bite of a delicious donut delivers friendliness to the taste buds. It is a friendly taste that has brought me here over and over. \n\n  The Friendly Donut House is located in the Henderson Village Shopping Center (Smith's is the anchor) at the northeast corner of Boulder Highway and Palo Verde Drive. It is in the part of Henderson that is far closer to the open spaces of the River Mountains, bike trails, and Railroad Pass than the hustle and bustle of the Las Vegas Strip. This has been one of my pre-hiking spots before heading out to the open spaces east of Henderson. \n\n   Although there is parking fronting the Friendly Donut House, the parking spaces customarily fill up. Usually, I will Park near Jiffy Smog or the China Inn and walk a moderate short distance to the Friendly Donut Shop. \n\n   The Friendly Donut House is more like the Historic Donut House. As soon as you step inside, you are transplanted to Main Street USA. In a way, Boulder Highway is Southern Nevada's Main Street considering that when they built the Hoover Dam it was the prime business road connecting Boulder City to downtown Las Vegas. A small town donut shop is right at home in this location. This is a community gathering spot where friends and families meet up a good old American donuts. Adding to the sense of community is a wall that displays pictures of customers, events, and has Old Glory proudly displayed. \n\n   At Friendly Donuts, the saying \"quality over quantity\" prevails. I often arrive there hours above 4 A.M. when they bake the donuts. It is usually hit and miss. Sometimes, the display cases are light and other times full. What is always a hit and never a miss is a delicious donut or treat. I have enjoyed delicious treats that include the coconut chocolate donut, maple donut, chocolate eclairs, and other delicious pastries. Rising above them all is the blueberry donut. Their blueberry donut is the bomb. To put it another way, the Friendly Donut House blueberry donut is my favorite. And, I rate it up their on the top tier of the best Donuts that I have had the privilege to eat. No matter how delicious a donut is, a cup of coffee makes it better. With my donut or pastry, I order a small cup of coffee. In similar style to the shop itself, the cup isn't fancy. It is a stirophon cup with a mystery blend of coffee. The delicious donuts with a cup of coffee is friendly on the wallet. I spend less than $4 on two donuts and a cup of coffee. \n\n    At Friendly Donut House, friendliness is contagious. I am passing on the friendliness of donuts that created a friendly taste in my mouth into a friendly rating of 4 stars.