This little brewery tucking into the recesses of Cuyahoga Falls (Akron's classier half-sister) is just what the doctor ordered. Parking is easy peasy,  the space is nice and big, they've got 10 beers on tap - all of which are brewed right there - and the munchies they offer are the perfect foil for their dangerously drinkable brews. Seriously, I'm about as jaded and cynical as they come and I couldn't really think of anything negative to say about them. Maybe I'm getting soft in my old age...\n\nThe beers were all solid. I won't go as far as to say I was blown away, but I'm not exactly the easiest beer geek to please. I'm so bad now that I get irritated if I don't see a Belgian-style beer of some kind or a sour on tap. Anyway, my eccentricities aside, they brew some damn tasty suds. In typical fashion, I ordered flights of all of their beers. There were 8 in total (I don't do bourbon barrel aged stuff, so I left those two off the list) with a good mix of lighter and heavier styles. Two standouts for me were the Denver Brut IPA (crisp, clean, citrusy, dry, bitter) and the Blood Orange Blonde (ridiculously hazy, fruity, slightly sweet, a breakfast beer).\n\nSide note. If you're not a beer drinker, chances are someone dragged you along to HiHO or perhaps you just got lost and wandered in or maybe you just aren't sure how you got there, don't worry. They've got wine and cider available, too.\n\nI mentioned munchies above. Please allow me to expand. They offer a little menu of some bar bites that'll have you hanging out for a nice, long session as you work your way through it and their beer list. It's carbolicious and local. Here's my suggestion. Get the cheese and meat board, the pepperoni roll and the pulled pork sliders. So. Damn. Good. BTW, order your grub at the bar, they'll give you a little table marker thing with a playing card in it and bring it to you when it's done.\n\nI've read some other Yelpers complain about the crowds. It was so laid back during our Sunday afternoon visit that I wanted to hang out there the rest of the day. The perfect crowd level, the perfect noise level, even the tunes being piped in were stellar. Wide open, high ceilings, garage doors that can be opened to the outside, high-tops, a bar with dozens of chairs. It's just a very nicely done tap room. They've got a big shelf filled with board games, too. So you can work out those brain cells as you kill them off.\n\nThe staff couldn't have been nicer and more genuine. Zach and Jamie took care of us the entire time we were there, clearing our table, bringing out food, chatting with us about this and that. And I wasn't even annoyed! Me, not annoyed by social interaction?! I'm as surprised as you are. The owners have put together a kick ass team. Let's hope they stay that way.\n\nThere you have it. Another little local brewery. While they've haven't exactly done anything outside of the standard craft beer playbook, they have done all of it very well. The only thing that I don't like about them is that I have to drive over an hour to get there.