The Distillery District is not a place I frequent, the history in this part of town doesn't interest me. \n\nI never pay for parking here. It's Green P, but I just don't pay. I refuse.\nI was driving a very important person around town, and he decided to have a coffee here. This is actually the only business in the Distillery District I've visited, I just don't like the area.\nUpon entering Balzac's, I immediately realized that this is anything but my scene. I would imagine writers, editors, freeloaders and poets coming here, anyone but the company executive I was with. \nThe first floor made me uncomfortable, as most open-concept floorplans do. There were propaganda era art spontaneously placed on the walls, and a chandelier that I felt made the space feel busy. \nThere is no décor to this establishment, as everything was left to it's original industrial galore. Even the pressure gauges to what once it was measuring remained conspicuously by the corner. The paint on the brick walls have all cracked away, and the windows had bars on them. If the building was restored, it would look like a factory out of the Soviet Union era, but it wasn't. There was a rustic feeling to Balzac's, a sense of freedom from structure. It was unintimidating, intimate even. The second floor was a separate entity from the first, and sitting here gave me a sense of pure relaxation. Nobody here looked like me, they all dressed differently. Usually this is a bad sign, but it didn't matter here. \n\nI ordered something like a maple coffee or something of the sort, it was damn good. The bar was neatly organised with modern and vintage coffee making instruments. The staff were leisurely..but I guess in a good manner. The two level of this cafe catered to two different kind of patrons. Downstairs for buzzing bees, and upstairs for the...the less busy bees.\nI almost fell asleep if it were not for the aid with the executive constantly giving me hand signals of their readiness to leave.\n\nI didn't get a ticket.