Wow... Reading some of the negative reviews prior to writing this is a little perplexing as I encountered no such things. My standards too low? Or yours too high? Princesses, do you get treated rudely often? Do you see the common denominator there? (Cough cough.. You.) Might I suggest you mind your own tone of voice and body language when speaking to someone. Respect goes two ways. Servers are there to serve you food, not be your personal servant. There is a difference. And if you're going to use a rude tone to someone don't be so shocked when you get it back. Try being polite and courteous. It will make a world of a difference in not just the response you get from servers, but from people in general. Not sure what to make of the \"treated like crooks\" comments. Might be from the same group.. Perhaps you ever thought to yourself that they are that vigilant because they got ripped off one too many times?? And I have taste buds. Thanks for wondering. I'm also full Chinese. So I know my dim sum. Need a blood sample? how about a geneologic family tree? (Insert eye roll here).\n\nI've been to many dim sum places in LA, SF, HI, Vancouver, and Vegas. Everywhere I travel I will find me a dim sum place to try out. On my most recent trip to Vegas I ate here twice. Found this place via Yelp. Thank you Yelp! There aren't many dim sum places in Vegas. The others I have been to are mediocre at best. Given the lack of competition Orchid Garden is the best in Vegas that I have tried. \n\nWith that said.. Neither times that I came was I presented with rude behavior. They were actually quite pleasant and helpful. The first time it was around lunch (12:00 pm) and the second late breakfast (10:00 am). Both times our food was hot, fresh, and good tasting. Lots of options for dim sum. For that matter I have never been to a place with so many selections to choose from. Hence why I had to come twice so I could try as many as my little piggy heart desired. Well seasoned. Not overcooked. I really liked the shrimp ball on sugar cane skewer. The only dish I wasn't crazy about was the daikon\/radish cake. The daikon was a bit bitter, which told me it was slightly undercooked. Otherwise just about everything we tried was yummy. \n\nFrom what I could see and tell this place was clean. No pieces of food stuck onto utensils. No dirty cups.  No fingers went into my water. I inspect my plate, cups, and silverware before eating everywhere I go. Bit of a germaphobe. The place is huge and just looked a little old. I would go back my next trip out to Sin City.