Yelp removed my previous comment because (someone requested it) yelp said there was not enough information was provided in my review so it violated their policy so I wanted to rewrite with everything that happened. On September 25th we placed an order with Matt for pans for the steam oven we purchased through Voss. Around 12\/8 I contacted Matt about  the pans inquiring when we would get them they sent us an invoice and had us pay $25 extra for shipping which the pans were already overpriced. 12\/17 we were sent the incorrect racks and informed Matt immediately. On 1\/7 I emailed Matt to ask when they would get the correct trays so we could switch the incorrect for the correct trays he said he would have them tomorrow and wanted to set up a day the owner (Rick) who frequents the area could pick them up. 1\/11 Matt asked if Wednesday 1\/13 worked I said yes between 11am-8pm he said okay. Around 8pm Rick called and said he was late and asked if we could reschedule and i said okay. He never contacted us to reschedule. 1\/18 I emailed Matt requesting a full refund and they could pick up the incorrect pans when it was convenient for them. 2\/2 Matt apologized and asked for our credit card information which I replied no to because we paid by check. 2\/6 we sent a very upset email because it still had not been resolved which Matt replied that Rick (the owner) would bring us a check and pick up the pans on Monday. 2\/8 Matt asked what number to give Rick to call when he was here which he already had from previous call to reschedule the initial pick up but I gave it to him anyways Rick never showed up! 2\/10 I emailed Matt and asked him to mail me a check for the full amount and he said the secretary would mail the next day but then she called out sick which he notified me of which was fine. 2\/16 was the set pick up date by FedEx for the pans but I initially told Matt I needed the check first which he said I should receive Monday or Tuesday prior to pick up. The check never came so we did not send the pans. After that we left a message with the secretary told her everything that has happened and that we needed to speak to Rick. It was late so he called the next day left a voice mail and said he would be there until 4pm. We called around 3:30 asked for Rick and the secretary said he was not in but once we gave her the name to leave a message he was magically still there. He told us we were sent a check and it must have got lost in the mail. He told us he would be there tonight to get the pans and give us a check. Which does not fix all the trouble we have gone through to sum it up after telling him from a business owners standpoint letting the customer keep the incorrect pans and giving them their check back should have been the solution that is what Rick agreed to do. Also we ordered the pans from the manufacturer saved $100 and received free 2 day shipping.