(Disclaimer again: latest visit was during the widely publicized Pi Day promo, with $3.14 pizzas.)\n\nAfter trying multiple similar \"build your own pizza\" concepts, Blaze Pizza easily remains my favorite.\n\nOther pizzas from Chipotle-esque pizzerias tend to be smaller and not as delicious. Their crusts may be the same diameter or just slightly smaller than Blaze's, but some just are really thin. I just noticed tonight that Blaze's crust is thicker on the end, which I'm sure helps to corral the toppings on potentially massive orders.\n\nThat's right, they don't skimp at Blaze Pizza. I've loaded up on toppings at competitors in a similar fashion, but the end results were simply not as big. Although Blaze doesn't have everything, their competitors generally seem to have less interesting toppings. Notable standouts at Blaze include the ovalini mozzarella and goat cheeses, and both roasted and chopped garlic. That aside, all the toppings collectively punch my taste buds harder, and on a consistent basis at that.\n\nThey still tend to rush you a bit through the pizza line when it's busy. Just order quickly and clearly, and get all the toppings that you want. Take note that there are a few toppings that are duplicated within the creation line (Italian sausage and pepperoni come to mind), so you'll have a second chance at them just in case you miss them.\n\nI usually craft an order similar to the one detailed in my first review, but I've been meaning to spice it up. I literally did that tonight by asking for the spicy red sauce instead of the regular red sauce. I think it definitely added some flavor while thankfully not providing too much heat. I also omitted cherry tomatoes because of another experience where I thought that the flavors might have been diluted by the juicy tomato slices. Tonight's result showed me that, at the very least, I didn't miss those tomatoes one bit.\n\nI made another awesome observation tonight. Gregg W. mentioned in his review that he requested his own massive construct to be cooked in the oven for longer. The crust on my pizza tonight was firm all the way to the middle, not soggy as I noted in my first review. I think I know why: they adjusted the cooking time on their own. My pizza came out _after_ my friend's, even though he'd been behind me in line the whole time (and yes, his pizza was more modestly decorated). I was leaning toward the five stars anyway due to multiple consistently delicious visits, but this attention to detail sealed the deal.\n\nMisc. notes: they have an app (available on both Android and iOS) that lets you gain rewards. They have online ordering and don't bake those pizzas until you arrive to pick them up. Estimated calorie counts have recently been added to printed menus, in addition to being available on their web site (Nutrition Calculator, under Menu).\n\nAlthough I haven't completely explored this sub-genre of pizza, I'm not sure what it would take for me to find a new favorite. I've found that the bar for quantity, quality, and service set by Blaze Pizza is very high. I've heard that they're planning to open another location even closer to me, and I'm waiting eagerly. Ecstatically, even.