More reasons to add to why I hate this company.\n\n   The guy working, who was the only one working there, who was wearing a t-shirt, jeans and work boots, ask me if he can help me with anything. I asked him if he had this game used and he doesn't even bother to go behind the counter to check. He just says \"probably not but even if we did, it would be the same price because this is reduced price.\" Which I know is not true and even if it was, I would be able to use my \"Power Up Reward\" card to save 10% and would be cheaper than the new version and if I didn't have that card it would be an opportunity for him to sell one to me! I worked at Gamestop before and I know that used games are what keep that place in business and he should hop on the opportunity to sell someone a used product, especially someone that's asking for a used product, but he doesn't even bother to check. It's not that the store was busy. It was slow enough for him to get from behind the counter and walk up to the people in the store and ask if he can help them with anything. There was only me and one other person in the store and apparently he couldn't help me with anything. \n\n I've come to accept the fact that I'm probably not going to get good customer service but I probably know more about anything I'm going in there for than anyone working there so I typically don't need their help... Unless it's to check if you have something in stock that I may have missed because there may not be a display case on the shelves or what have you. Stuff that only the employees can handle. Stuff that this guy didn't handle. \n\n   That bugged me that he couldn't do a simple task like that but as I said, I expected that and still looked around for another 15 minutes or so until I was ready to check out. At this point, not really pissed of or anything, it was a typical GS experience to me and was pretty much what I was expecting. \n\nUntil I got in line.\n\n   There were two other customers in line and the person in the front of the line was ready to pay and check out. Found the game he wanted. He was buying Black Ops for the 360. He was with his friend who was the guy that handed the game to employee. Nothing wrong there. Business as usual. The employee asks to see an ID because it's an \"M\" rated game. Standard, the guy that's actually paying for the game produces an ID. Nothing out of the ordinary there but then the guy ask to see the ID of the guy that handed him the game case! The guy couldn't produce an ID, it's most likely because he's probably an illegal immigrant than him being a minor because both of the guys looked my age (28) if not older. They were literally two guys that were about 5' 8\", probably around 170lbs each, the guy paying (that had the ID) had facial hair that a minor wouldn't be able to produce and the other guy had a face of someone that was in his mid to late 20's. \n\n   The employees says \"I need to see both of you IDs because he's the one that handed that game to me and I can't sell an M rated game to minors.\" \"I'm on camera and because this game is M rated I can't sell it to you unless you show me an ID.\" \n\n   WHAT THE F IS THAT SHIT! Because he handed it to me, he has to produce an ID even though the person actually paying for the game has an ID and is producing the ID and both guys were obviously over 18 years old. But because the guy that handed the game to him doesn't have an ID, he can't sell the game to the other guy that's actually paying for it!!! What kind of bull shit is that! This went on for like 5 minutes. This is complete bull shit. You're telling me that if a kid handed Black Ops to the guy at the register, even if that kid's mom was standing right there, and the employee goes through the whole spiel of saying this game is rated M for mature for blood, gore and violence, and the mom says it's cool, they basically won't sell the game to them because the kid is going to have to produce an ID and since he can't, his mom can't buy it either because the kid handed it to him and she would be buying it for a minor.... What a complete load of shit. \n\n   I thought it was a complete load of shit and it was wasting my time so I put the two games I had down and said \"this is a load of shit, screw this\" and as I was walking out the employee says \"No Ids?\" to me then I said \" No I got my ID. These guys are obviously two adults and you pulling this bull shit and wasting our time.\" and I just left. \n\n   There was the guys in the front of the line and me that were ready to give them our money (I'm not sure about the family in front of me. They might have just had a question but they were getting fed up with the situation as well.) but apparently the people at Gamestop don't want our money. It seems like they trained the guy to do everything he can do to not take our money and he achieved that goal. I get the message, you don't like customers. I won't be back.