My flight arrived at 7 p.m., and after a month-long sojourn in the Garden State, I was ready to reclaim Vegas.  Hubby picked me up at the airport and suggested Capo's.  He can't resist a deal, and Tuesdays it's 2 for 1.  In fact, right under the tall restaurant sign facing East, it proclaims in big letters, not to be missed by any local OR tourist, \"2 for 1 Tuesdays.\"  But more about that later.\n\nWe had a reservation and arrived a bit early, so we had to wait.  And wait some more.  So we got to hang out near the bar, with every seat filled by jocks drinking and shouting at various sports on the TVs.  No matter that the Vice Presidential debate was being aired, but not here.  I won't ding them for that, since most people wouldn't care. \n\nAt last we were seated, but our table was at one of the booths lining the bar, not in the main dining room.  That meant hearing the clanging pots from the kitchen right behind the bar, along with the aforementioned shouting jocks.  A very short while later, I noticed that the couple who walked in right in front of us, who did not have reservations, were seated immediately after us in a nice, quiet room right off the main dining room.  Normally, I would have insisted on another table, but I was exhausted from my sleepless flight.  I was still on East Coast time and it was late, even for me.\n\nIt took quite a while for the server to come over.  He apologized, but it was indicative of the service through the rest of the meal.  Not terrible, but not attentive enough, and certainly not as good as what we'd experienced here in the past.\n\nPrices have really increased.  Yeah, Capo's is higher end, but it's not the Strip.  At least the Sangria I ordered was a good-sized glass and was very tasty.  But the copious amount of fruit turned out to be just lemon, lime and orange peel and pith.  And the dishes are served with salad or soup, and a choice of side, so it's not all that bad.\n\nMy husband had Chicken Lucchese, with mushroom risotto as his side dish.  His chicken was a very large portion covered with mozzarella, mushrooms, capers and broccoli.  My Chicken Picatta, on the other hand, was half that size.  I wasn't terribly hungry, so this time it was enough for me to still take home some of it, but the discrepancy in size was insane, especially since his had so much more stuff on it.  And was only priced at $1 more.\n\nWhen it came time to pack up the leftovers, we were provided with boxes.  I usually like to box up my food myself.  But in this case, the plates were huge and heavy, and both had drippy sauce.  After I took care of mine, Herb put that plate on one corner of the table, along with our bread plates.  There was no room to maneuver, and the plates just sat there unremoved, while wait staff walked by several times and ignored how I was struggling.  This is not a hallmark of good service.\n\nNow for the fun part - the check.  It was not 2 for 1.  It was 2 for 1 only \"if we had ordered the same dish.\"  Did it say that on the big sign outside?  Nay!  The bill was reduced by $20, not the amount it should have been.  Did it say \"$20 max\" on the big sign outside?  Again, nay.  And when we asked to see the manager, she, or someone claiming to be the manager, sat down and began a double-talk routine that would rival Abbott and Costello, telling us multiple times what I've just written above, repeating over and over that they weren't her's, but the owner's rules.  The biggest zinger, though, was when she said that the 2 for 1 was only for locals.  WTF?  Can you imagine being tourists on a budget schlepping by cab from the Strip because they heard about their Tuesday policy and finding out only at the end that they were SOL?  And did it say it on that big sign?  Third NAY.  Why would a tourist think this 2 for 1 didn't apply to them?  This has to be a blatant lie, and we don't like being lied to.  Obviously, the $4 difference in our check is small and will neither make nor break us.  But this kind of crap is not the way to run a business and alienate customers.  Is the food good?  Yeah.  But there are enough good Italian restaurants in this town with great atmosphere to ever have to put up with this.