I had the strangest night at Mon Ami Gabi but the food was so good I had to change in the car after dinner because my clothes were too tight. Forreal forreal.\n\nSo me and gf got seated next to some odd characters. On our left was a couple and it was clear the wife hated her life and wanted her husband to hate his too. One of those non-talking couples where it's so awkward you don't want to even say anything because you know they're listening. At one point the wife stuck her hand into her water cup, grabbed a bunch of ice cubes, and threw them on the table saying, 'there's too much damn ice.' WHO DOES THAT?! Eesh..hint to husband: DIVORCE IS THE ANSWER.\n\nOn our right were two men in their mid-sixties who were a bit overly friendly. Right when I stuffed my mouth with bread they turned to ask about what we were eating. Can't I just open my mouth and show you? It was actually comforting to have pleasant people sitting next to us though with the ice queen on the other side but being constantly interrupted when I'm EATING is a Mari no-no.\n\nGf and I spent the whole dinner trying to figure out if our waitress was a twin and if her sister worked there too, or if she was just one person. Different versions of our waitress would serve us- one with glasses, one without, one with a jacket, one without, and she'd change her hair too. We finally realized it was one person but gf swore she was doing it on purpose to mind f*** us.\n\nBUT ANYWAYYY.. the food. We decided go out straight after dinner and I had the bright idea of wearing a corset. I was cased up like a sausage..and still ordered the steak frites. Which was damn good, juicy and rare, even though I couldn't really breath. Bite, inhale, chew fast so I don't pass out. And their dirty martinis are smooth sailing. Our meal came out to about $90 something which is a little pricey but we got drinks so it's explainable. What I like about Mon Ami is that it's casual but still has that bistro charm.\n\nIt was worth changing in the car into something roomier, flashing the strip as we drove by. Who says looking like I'm about to have a food baby at the club isn't sexy?!?!