How in the world can you mess up spare ribs? Or chicken? Or the rice in sushi? Come on Treasure Island! What the heck? I've been to many, many buffets in Vegas and hands down, this is the worst I've ever been to. Granted, I went during lunch time so I can't comment on quality or value during dinner, but this was absolutely horrible.\n\nThe good:\n(Total 3 stars)\nDesserts were actually pretty good. Red velvet cupcake, pineapple upside down miniature cake, very good cookies, real Dreyers Grand ice cream. And, oh, they didn't mess up the ice tea. The mashed sweet potato was very good. \n\nThe bad:\n(Total -2 stars)\nWow...where do I begin. Okay, I rarely ever eat sushi at these buffets but since they had no shrimp or crab or mussels or any other seafood during lunch time despite a $20.95 price tag, but I was desperate for anything somewhat fishy. How do I describe the rice? Let me see...a cross between spoiled pudding, 5 day old rice, and concrete grounds. I actually just took the small pieces of fish and shrimp on this sad excuse of sushi rice, ate the fish and used the rice to build a pyramid on my plate. Yes, I've eaten at AYCE sushi buffets so I don't equate them to sushi restaurants, but my goodness this was horrid. Pork ribs? Well, they display real oak wood behind the serving counter at the bbq area, but it's not oak-fired ribs. It was artificial smoke flavor...and it was putrid. Holy cow...it didn't last .5 of a millisecond in my mouth. It was that bad. How in the world can a piece of spare rib be that bad? It tasted like gasoline...and it may have been. You get the idea. Food was old (like left over from the previous day or something, not fresh). Here's the kicker: despite 2 for 1 coupons and\/or 2 free buffets, the breakfast and lunch lines were very minimal. The hotel guests probably read the reviews about this buffet and stayed away. Me? I thought maybe I could save $50 by going to this buffet with the 2 free coupons and invest it elsewhere. Bad decision. The insult is they actually charge $20.95 for this buffet to those who don't have coupons. They should PAY people $20.95 for coming to eat there. I should thank my stars that I at least got fed for free BUT when you're on vacation in Vegas and you have to make meals count cuz there are only 3 meals a day you should at least enjoy your meal. This buffet was horrible, putrid, old, stanky, and absolutely insulting. A Vegas buffet shouldn't be this bad. The downtown Vegas buffets were even better than this for 1\/3 the cost. Treasure Island, please wake up, and guests STAY AWAY from this buffet. First time I've stayed at this hotel, and the rooms were actually pretty good, but the buffet actually ruined the experience.