Hoho this place is big moves. I bought a lago media suite for a few nights, and it came with a movie theater, a pool table, and a gym. The service was excellent and the food was great. The room had double doors with two entrances, which was impressive when I brought women back into the suite. The bed and jacuzzi tub are awesome and the women loved the room service while we played pool in our private pool table. I was slightly upset to find out that our theater touchscreen would not work upon arrival, but the techs fixed it quickly so we could all play Xbox. A side note is I showed my women no mercy in call of duty. The room service was great as previously mentioned, and trust me, they were not lying when they said excellent food 24 hours of the day. The steak is quite satisfying, and the burger at 3AM was excellent while I was watching some adult films in my theater (not that expensive for the quality). Truthfully, I never left the suite because it was so dope, except to pick one of the vegan girls up a pizza downstairs, which I also highly recommend. The limo transport to and from airport is cool, and it took me from the United first class terminal all the way to Spirit air terminal to pick up my women. Made sure I took care of the chauffeur. A+ service from the start. To finish things off, I had an awesome time and the hotel staff went out of their way to make our stay second to none. The only downside is that one of my women ordered a cheesecake and it was not great, but it was promptly taken care of. She just had to play pool hungry while we waited for her second filet mignon. Overall I would highly recommend, and I strongly recommend the in suite massages. Not a happy ending (masseuse was a dude), but still a great massage. Sweet room, and I would recommend for anything from a quick business stay, to a night or two with your women. Side note- the common area was pretty cool too I heard. I think there was even a chipotle in there. Too bad I didn't bring my German Shepard mix Rocky, as maybe it would be better this time. Overall excellent and I will be coming back!!! Only downside was that I don't think they allow dogs, even though I was let in no problem for no additional fees. This place is officially big moves. Strongly recommend!!!