Roughly 18 years ago, I came to Cafe Sam with my mom and sister on a weeknight after work and tried escargot for the first time in a bowl of pasta. \n\nI wasn't taken by it. \n\nHowever, I do remember a gracious musician\/server and a fabulous wedge of Oreo Cheesecake. \n\nThat having been punched out on my keyboard, I was looking for a place to keep my birthday weekend alive and stompin', especially when Kay and I needed a meal prior to a Saturday night concert in Millvale. Cafe Sam had been unfinished business for the 6 years since I created my Yelp account. A look at the large and varied online menu was promising. To the Bloomfield\/Shadyside border we drove. \n\nCafe Sam's interiors are antiquated, and its patrons reflect that. Dressed in concert garb, Kay and I felt a bit out of place amidst the senior citizens, dim lighting, and funeral wake ambiance. Nonetheless, the host was eager to seat us and guaranteed us that we would have a pleasant time, but that wasn't to be. \n\nTo begin, the service, while friendly, was a bit awkward and inattentive at times. Refills were slow to arrive, and whether or not they were free depended on whether or not a server or the nervous hostess told you. Also, when Kay and I  each requested a serving of the Chocolate Banana Creme Brulee for dessert, Kay inexplicably received a piece of chocolate cake instead. I felt terrible for her since my dessert was a rare highpoint of the meal, even if it was actually just a cold and scrumptious pudding with a crackly exterior and quaint garnishes. 2 complimentary chocolate chip tuile cookies somewhat made up for the confusion (Cafe Sam's baked goods and ice cream are bought from outside vendors. The creme brulee is one of their few housemade desserts...). \n\nOur appetizer, the Country Style Pork pate, was inexcusably dry and might as well have been a slab of ham. Lazily dabbed with a particularly pungent mustard, the condiment happened to be the dish's only flavorful ingredient.\n\nIn another strange instance of clumsy hospitality, Kay and I were offered a sample of lukewarm fried cheese cubes. Later, after we'd already been served our side-dish portions of Bacon Mac 'n Cheese, the hostess brought us more of the same side-dish. Kay thinks they might have been trying to use it up, and its mostly insipid taste (save for the salty, smoky bacon) and watery composition was a telltale sign. \n\nThe sinfully sugary warm apple compote heap (or whatever they call it) that came with my Rainbow Trout entree was another nearly meal-saving item that I probably would have rather had inside a crepe topped with whipped cream the following morning for brunch. If you order the fish, you'll be given a choice of sauces to top it. I chose the pecan butter, and it was the lone part of the main event that carried with it any sense of taste, the trout itself being woefully underseasoned and limp. \n\nIf gentrification puts Cafe Sam out to pasture, I won't be depressed over it. \n\nP.S. I too saw the mannequin and thought I was in Anton LaVey's basement for a second. Creepy, man, creepy.