Today I made the trek to go and visit an old friend, my good friend the Chino.. The one and only Bandido. He and I have a few years of history and today I remembered how much I had missed him in my life. I had to 'act' new again and ask for samples. I always loved that about Chino Bandido: The sampling and concept of 'try before you eat'. The staff is always so friendly and patient here and more than willing to explain the menu and how it all works here. Let's face it , a Chinese mixed with Mexican and a tad of Jamaican ... well, it can blow your mind. My favorites are the Jade Red : simplistic and left alone. However, you can have it, or anything else for that matter, placed into a quesadilla or a burrito. My other favorite is the HenGrenade Chicken, a milder version of jerk chicken. Today I did have that placed into a quesadilla. I upgraded my white steamed rice for .80 cents (!!) to fried rice and one can do that with pork or chicken or keep it plain. I did mine with pork. I also love the Cuban style Black Refried Beans , but the regular refried beans are very good too! I love that every meal is placed in a round tin so it stays nice and hot! I also love that it's not seemingly too over powered with oil and grease , although I am not an idiot to think this is not fattening! ( The reason I have other reviews at that training facility ?!!) Accolades highlight the wall of fame here including Guy Fieri's Diners Drive In's and Dives . I can personally see why! Not one thing on this menu is bad. It may not be in the greatest area of PHX.. but it's clean and friendly and a fusion of epic deliciousness! Oh.. if you know my reviews, I have this thing about clean restrooms.. yep. Those are clean! Very clean! Don't forget your snicker doodle cookie or whatever else the cookie of the day may be! $8.40 for ALL of this ! I have not ever NOT seen this place not busy ! Chino, OH how I have missed our friendship.. Now why do you have to go straight to my hips ??! Bad , bad Bandido , but oh how I love you !