Pretty disappointing. So I've been to the Hash Kitchen on Frank Lloyd Wright about 3 times and while there is usually about a 30 min wait on the weekend, the food always makes up for it. However this experience at the Scottsdale Road location ruined my love for Hash Kitchen. What got me hooked originally was the chicken and waffle. It has consistently delighted me and was the reason why I chose Hash Kitchen above any other place to brunch this past Sunday. It was my boyfriends first time and although he was starving I convinced him the 45 min wait was so worth it. I wanted him to try it because Im always raving about the food particularly the chicken and waffle. However the food was a true let down to the point that I'm not really sure I want to waste money again at any Hash Kitchen. The chicken and waffle was a joke and I felt almost insulted after much anticipation. I started to cut up my food then I realized it was hardly chicken and a waffle. It was basically a waffle with one tiny chicken strip topped with a ridiculous mountain of fried leeks. I'm not sure if the kitchen had just run out of chicken or if this is now how this dish comes. It has always come topped with fried leeks but at least there was substance under those leeks. At least you felt like you were getting a normal amount of chicken for $14. This was just insulting and I wish I had taken a picture. I honestly wonder if they were just low on chicken and thought they could get by with selling one last order by putting a pathetic shrunken sized chicken strip on there and covering it up with a ridiculous mountain of the fried leeks and hoping that maybe I wouldn't notice. I really hope this is the case because if cutting down the amount of chicken and increasing the amount of fried leeks is now how the dish comes then they need to seriously reevaluate things. The second item we ordered was equally disappointing. I love fruity pebbles and I love pancakes but the fruity pebble pancakes were awful. I don't mind spending $12 on pancakes if they are worth it. These pancakes were a bit overdone on the bottom and just tasted like regular old pancakes but with a hint of sour milk. Nothing fruity pebble about it except maybe the color of the batter. Also having a DJ at brunch is fun and can add to the experience but the acoustics at this location are terrible. At least at the FLW location you can hear each other talk and don't have to scream across the table. This whole experience was disappointing and I probably should have said something while we were there but I just wanted to get out of there ASAP. I was so looking forward to showing my foodie boyfriend a great brunch spot but it was a total fail and waste of money and I'm sad my favorite dish is no longer. The end.