My husband and I purchased a new home which had a large empty backyard.  We knew immediately that we wanted to put in a new swimming pool.  I requested several price inquiries from a handful of companies and then met with four companies face-to-face.  Two of four came in so outlandishly overpriced that they were out of the running immediately.  We finally narrowed it down to Cameo and one other (fairly large pool builder in the Valley).  It was a tough decision because we really liked what both companies had to offer and they were both in the same price range.  \n\nUltimately, we went with Cameo for several reasons:  \n\n1. We felt that the sales rep (Nicole) really listened to what we wanted and what was importance to us.  She came up with a beautiful, creative design (that was different from all the other 3 vendors) that fell right within our budget. We thought we knew exactly what we wanted in a design, until we saw hers!!      \n \n2.  I conducted an internet search for reviews, and found that Cameo had much better reviews, with very little issues reported to the BBB     \n\n3.  The vibe of their showroom was very \"local and cozy\"    \n\n4.  The first impression was superb--this was the only company that provided us with a thick, bound presentation book that detailed background on their company, the pool process, the vendors they utilize, and more.  Coming from a sales & contracting profession myself, I was impressed with the professionalism and effort.\n\nWe signed the contract and were ready to go!  Unfortunately, we encountered several \"surprises\" along the way.  Our home is in an older neighborhood and discovered that we needed to re-route both our sewer line as well as a huge 17\" concrete irrigation pipe.  We hired a specialty plumber on our own to come out and do the job.  The irrigation pipe suffered many leaks and it was a long drawn out process.  Throughout it all, Cameo was very understanding in working with all of our schedule changes and delays.  Each time we had to reschedule, we were able to resume very quickly.  Once the irrigation issues were fixed, the rest of pool construction happened so quickly!  Pool passed city inspection with flying colors and I'm happy to say that we are now ready to enjoy our beautiful new pool every single weekend.  \n\nI'm shocked by all the negative reviewers on here--overall we are so pleased with Cameo and feel that we definitely made the right choice in selecting a pool company.  From beginning to end, the lines of communication were open.  E-mails were always answered within a couple hours and phone calls were always picked up or returned very quickly.   The final product we received is of the highest quality and beautiful construction.   We could not be more pleased!   A++++