I want to order 88oz every time I sit down!\n\nHaving originally been turned on to this spot by Unlokt, after a few visits over the past year, 8oz has become my go to Spring Mountain fix for KBBQ for a several reasons. \n\n1. Almost never a wait.  Hallefuckinglujah!  I would rather eat my own eyeballs than sit for an hour plus pre-treating my clothes in bulgogi cologne prior to actually eating.  If there is a wait, unlike the other two popular places on the same street, they have a BAR!  GASP!!  Our dining party can hang indoors with alcohol and that beats the hell out of sitting on a bench (if you're lucky) staring at a bunch of strangers on their phones in 100 degree heat when the wait is too long (you know where).  \n\n2. I like the room a lot!  The lighting and clean atmosphere are great and it's spaced out well enough so you don't hear neighboring table talk.  This would be the best choice for a grill date or if you wanted to fire one of your employees (because pork belly will make them feel better after you do it) or to tell your parents that Alex is more than a friend.  The constant sound of the sizzle and jamming K-Pop cover it all up!\n\n3. The excellent selection of banchan that I constantly request more of including their two salads.  Several meats I am a huge fan of include \"rib finger\" (I mean..who knew?), outside skirt, ribeye and anything associated with pork belly.     \n\nIs the A5 wagyu worth the splurge?  No.  At $180, the beef is of good quality, but their process for cooking it, which they do like any other piece on the menu, is multi-level wrong.  Sitting there watching the server cook it on a way too hot grill, cut it with scissors into micro pieces (kill me) and then push it to the side to move on to the next meat was like seeing a kid with a learners permit trying to drive a Ferrari.  Good beef like this needs to rest for a bit!  I had the same A5 Kagoshima wagyu the very next day at Kame and it was light years better all because of the cooking method.  It also shouldn't be advertised as Kobe beef because it isn't that. \n \nAside from that, I am confident about 8oz being a sure thing every time.  It is on my short list for KBBQ recommendations in Las Vegas and I'll be back pretty soon.      \n\n\n4.477777111129843984982 stars!!