Seriously, is there anything more ball-achingly aggravating than buying a new car? Yes there is: Having to SUDDENLY buy a new car.\n\nThose familiar with my adventures are aware of my recent attempt of intimacy with a streetlight, via wrapping my car around it, after a cut-off gone awry. \n\nLet me tell you, this has been a trying experience. I hate dealing with insurance companies as it is, but dealing with a written-off car, the complications of the cutter-offer screwing off, agents having their phones go straight to voicemail*, worrying about getting a new car, and on top of that, rocking 2 fractured ribs...sucks.\n\nMy written-off car was a 2008 Honda Civic, from Classic Honda. After a painful parting of the ways with Nissan, my last experience with Honda was mostly annoyance stemming from Nissan, so I didn't have much to say then, though I've been happy with their service since getting the original car. With everything else going on, I actually prayed repeatedly before going back to Honda that things would go smoothly. Would my bearded cloud homeboys come through for me, or would I be paddle-less up the creek o' shit?\n\nEXCELLENT experience! The man handling things for me, Martin, is an incredibly nice guy, and was very sympathetic to my situation. Never once did I feel like there'd be some kind of hiccup to annoy me, and the process was very quick and painless. In fact, even when the insurance company decided to be a bunch of dicktit shitbeans* and start holding up the works, Martin and Honda Financial Forces went to work and did as much of the legwork as they could, so I wouldn't be stuck on the phone all the time. They even made a point of letting me know that the insurance company* lowballed the hell out of the settlement, and Honda told them to stuff it and come back when they're serious.\n\nThe major obstacle I experienced was in the form of a rental car. As of this writing, I'm on a 2-week wait for my new car, though the rental authorized by the insurance company was only paid for until yesterday. After numerous calls for an extension, I couldn't reach anybody, nor were voicemails returned*. Honda jumped into action at this as well, and provided me with a rental of their own for the 2 weeks.\n\nI know this has kind of become a dual review, but I really can't sing Classic Honda's praises enough. Even though the car isn't in my possession yet, I'm confident that everything will go incredibly smooth. I'm finally a very happy car customer.\n\n* - Ohhhh, I can't wait to leave this insurance company, and proceed to write the mother of all scathing reviews. I smell my first 1-star review! Bunch of douche canoes.