I know this place is relatively new, so I gave it quite some time to work out any kinks before I actually stopped in. I came here late on a Friday night with my friend and our kids. I was glad that the place and the menu were kid friendly. That's a huge plus for me. The hostess was nice as was the waitress who was super sweet. But let's get down to the real business here, the food. \n\nI was completely unimpressed with the food.  The entire menu should be completely revamped because none of the appetizers correlated with the food that was served. For example, we ordered a seafood guacamole appetizer with lump crab and shrimp, yet no where on the rest of the menu is there any other crab entrees. Usually in other restaurants, these appetizers serve as a tease for what's to come or give a hint as to what is offered with the larger entrees. The only other fish was salmon and trout. And may I also add that my daughter and I got food poisoning from this guacamole because it was the only thing in common that her and I ate and 24 hours later we were super sick. \n\nThe pretzel twist appetizers were a complete joke. Two pretzel pieces and to add cheese it was a dollar extra. The cheese should be included instead of used as an add-on. The appetizer itself was so small that my kids were literally laughing. They are definitely skimping customers on this one. \n\nI ordered 3 tacos. 2 chicken and a shrimp. They were completely tasteless and the chicken was so dry that I pulled it out and just ate the tortilla instead. My son ordered the chicken and waffle meal. While the presentation was impressive, the meal itself was awful. The chicken, waffles, cheese and pickles were all layered on top of one another and honestly should have been separated. My son has a very good palette and he nearly vomited at the table. I ended up getting it boxed to bring home and even my husband hated it. \n\nHere are my hopes for this place....clean up the menu, bigger portions on the appetizers (especially that joke of pretzel twists) and hire a new chef. This place actually has great potential. They have an awesome location, and the place itself is great for large groups and families. I could really see this place take off if the menu were a lot better.