Security companies are a dime a dozen.  You pay them a monthly fee and when some crack head tries to break in you hope they are watching and ready to respond.\n\nLuckily, that scenario hasn't occurred yet.  Until it does, this review is for the sales, install and service crew at Protection 1.  Version 2.0 of securing our workplace found us once again under the advise of our salesperson Glenn.  You know the type of guy that notices everything, every little nuance when walking around a new space? That's Glenn; he knows what to recommend, and more importantly he also knows what not to recommend as opposed to trying to rip you off.  He's an all around good guy and I like when I call his cell phone he remembers me and answers with a \"hello Chris\".  We got a system that does exactly what it's supposed to do.\n\nMinus one star!  Break out the pocket protector, it's about to get nerd-y.  The iPhone app that goes along with the system can use some tweaking; and thus the knock from 5 to 4 stars.  I won't bore you with all of the details but suffice it to say if you have a dual partition system as we do (dual zones) you should be able to know which partition you are interacting with while in the app.  With the current version it's kind of a guessing game.  Did I disarm the warehouse zone?  Or did I disarm the office zone? Hmm I don't know maybe we'll just wait and see what happens when someone walks in and sets the alarm off (or not).  The app works but it's not as intuitive as it should be in this regard.   A simple Z1 and Z2 in the virtual keypad would do wonders to let you know which partition you are interacting with.\n\nThe installer:  Sorry, I don't remember his name but he did a clean job as far as installing the sensors, contacts, two consoles and the panel.  Yes I looked inside the panel.  Yes it meets my neatness standards in regards to wire management. He also installed a strobe\/siren outside.  That required drilling through 14\" of solid concrete...in the middle of Summer, on a ladder.  Well done good sir!\n\nLast but not least...and a primary reason I will recommend P1 to others.  There's this guy, his name is Jack.  Jack is the guy that goes around programming the systems and performs advanced troubleshooting and service calls.  Let me tell you, this guy is top notch in his knowledge of the security system AND has the patience of a saint.  I'll be honest, I'm demanding and I like to ask lots of questions so that I am sure that we are on the same page and so there is no confusion on how the system is operating.  I don't know what to tell you other than if I were to open up a competing alarm company I'd steal him from you.  He's that good at his job.  Give the guy a raise and make sure he sticks around because I will be asking for him by name in the future.\n\nClosing: clean up the app for the more complicated systems such as ours and you easily go to 5 stars.