THE FOLLOWING IS AN HONEST, FAIR REVIEW OF A VERY \"HATED ON\" SHOW .\n\nI recently saw Criss Angel Believe with a good friend.  I'm a big fan of Criss Angel and I've read almost every review of the show on here and elsewhere on the web, including lots of research about the show.  Even after mostly bad reviews, I decided to the see the show, because I'm a fan, and I thought the original premise sounded really cool, being a fan of darker fantasy-type themes.\n\nFirstly, the show IS NOT wretched, awful, dreadful, or any of the other knee-jerk, reactionary adjectives reviewers have used to describe the show.  It's also NOT amazing or outstanding either.  It's somewhere in between, but certainly very decent.\n\nI went into the show expecting the storyline-based show that I've been reading about for a year.  Criss gets in some kind of accident and what transpires is a dream-like trip into his mind, a world of dark and light, etc, etc.  I went to see THIS version of the show I've read about.  Well all of that is GONE.  It's all been cut out in the recent revamps to the show.  No accident in the beginning, no storyline, no wake-up Wizard of Oz ending, and no singing the Mindfreak song.  They've removed all traces of a story and added a lot of stand-alone magic and illusions.  They have kept a couple of the dance numbers, which seem really strange because they have no rhyme or reason now.\n\nI went in expecting to escape to the fantastic mind of Criss Angel supplemented by the imagination of Cirque du Soleil.   That's what ALL THE MARKETING still says.  What's left now is a clunky, disconnected series of illusions and Criss talking.  And talking.  And talking!  This was one of the biggest disappointments for me.  There is no fourth wall in this show, it's gone.  It's basically like an episode of Oprah where Criss small-talks nonchalantly to the audience the whole time.  The entire show is very vaudevillian in its premise now... much like a standard, run-of-the-mill magic show.  I'm assuming the Luxor\/MGM management stepped in and forced a more traditional show with much more magic due to the bad response of the original idea.  Unfortunately they went a little too far in that direction.  Now it's a bunch of weird stuff that looks like it SHOULD be in a storyline, but it's not.  So now it doesn't make any sense and you're left scratching your head.  And there's none of the cool Cirque trademarks like acrobatics or aerials.  They should really take the Cirque du Soleil seal off the marketing.\n\nSpeaking of Criss talking, get ready to hear the following, \"NOW!!!... YEAH!!! YEAH!!!\" over and over again.  After each illusion, Criss runs to the front of the stage and demands applause and cheer.  And this is because the illusions aren't quite built up and pulled off dramatically enough to merit an overwhelming response.\n\nNow, to Criss' credit, there are some pretty amazing illusions.  Especially one involving a few doves that I've never seen anywhere.  There's also some excellent transportation and vanishing illusions that will freak your mind a little bit.  One I especially liked is when he floats a women high up on the stage and she vanishes into thin air.  The stage and production value are pretty amazing.  Very french-gothic and artistic with an amazing sound-system that rocks out several times during the show.  There's also some really great staging and illusion set pieces.  All very large and industrial-looking, with fire, smoke, explosions, and of course... rock-concert style fog machines and smoke.\n\nUnfortunately, there's a lot of standard illusion stuff you've seen before, dressed up to be bigger than they really are.  And the stage is very, very deep and several of the illusions occur very far back into the stage.  This makes understanding what's going on more difficult.\n\nOne of the things the show lacks is proper build-up for some of its illusions.  They seem rushed and before you can figure out what's going on, it's over.  It does make you wonder, if Criss can make Hummers and live elephants appear out of thin air on TV, why isn't there some larger, more spectacular illusions in this show?  Given the price tag and the time they've had to put it together.  \n\nOverall, the show isn't horrible.  It IS ultimately entertaining.  My friend who went with me has seen several Cirque shows and is very critical.  He even said that he felt entertained the entire time and enjoyed it, but that he probably wouldn't recommend it over other Vegas shows.\n\nIf you're a Criss Angel fan, the show delivers.  It's loud, visual, and delivers good illusions, despite a few clunky moments.  Yes, you may figure out how some of the illusions are performed, but where's the fun in worrying about that?  For a magic show, it's pretty awesome.  For a Vegas show with a premium Vegas price tag, it's noticeably under-par compared to what else is on the strip.