When this place first opened, I was a huge fan of their menu and was very excited about the large amount of sushi options they offered. A pan-asian buffet was all I could ever dream of! I had been to both lunch and dinner here and never had to wait for a table and always had very attentive service, even if it is a bit loud and crowded at certain times.\n\nThat was all until sometime in January when I went with a friend. We were both excited because we liked the food so much from previous visits. We went during peak dining hours (8pm on a Saturday night) and the place was packed. We didnt mind and went about our usual routine. We both noticed that the food wasn't up to the usual standards but barreled through it, wary of the infamous fee one is charged ($8) for wasting food. \n\nWhen we got to the sushi, it was WAY off. Typically they have very fresh fish, but that night it had a bad aftertaste and texture as if it had been sitting out all day. Fish, ESPECIALLY raw fish, is one thing I refuse to compromise quality on. I didn't finish my plate and neither did my friend. Our server came and cleared away plates but deliberately left the sushi one on the table, though it was clear we were finished with it. Our server asked what was wrong and we told her the sushi tasted bad like something was wrong with it and almost immediately the whole feel of the dinner changed. We went back for seconds, our server cleared our plates and still left the sushi. \n\nOur check was delivered to our table by the manager who was extremely accusatory about us wasting food. No lie, her exact words were \"This is all you can eat, not all you can leave on your plate.\" After a baffled exchange at the piss poor way we were treated and pretty much berated by the manager for refusing to eat their gross sushi in front of the entire dining room, we hurriedly paid the check and left.\n\n If you've ever been to this place, you know how ginormous the restaurant is and believe me when I say that just about every table was filled to the brim with paying customers. Why this woman was on a mission to collect a measly $8 for something that wasn't exactly our fault is beyond me. I understand their concerns about food waste, but quite honestly that is the risk you run when you open a buffet. It's not like we had 5 plates full of sushi left or anything. Needless to say, I won't be back. Shame because I used to really enjoy coming here.