Nosh Eatery and Wine Bar Newly Opened in the location of the Shuttered Betty's Nosh. The atmosphere is modern and attractive. They offer private dining and have an indoor-outdoor bar and an interesting indoor-outdoor dog friendly patio. The menu is traditional American Cuisine. \n\nI ordered the Roasted Chicken Arugula Wrap with a side of House Made Cole Slaw. I was expecting the wrap to be made with a tasty sounding sundried tomato basil mayo and cheddar cheese. Instead someone concocted a sauce that tasted similar to French Dressing mixed with Wing Sauce and the cheese they gave me was processed American Cheese. We also shared the Signature Macaroni and Cheese. This dish had promise because it was made with real cheese but unfortunately the sauce lacked any seasoning and was so watered down that it was weak.\n\n My husband ordered the Signature Cheeseburger. Unfortunately the management didn't remove the Betty's Nosh Menu items from the computer system and our waitress accidentally ordered an incorrect burger with American Cheese instead of the Signature Burger with Gouda, Havarti, shoestring onions, fried egg on Brioche Bun. My husband alerted the waitress right away that she didn't bring him the burger he ordered. She brought it back to the kitchen and the cook recycled the burger scraping most of the American cheese off and then doctoring it up putting back on a regular bun instead of a brioche. But the worst part was that in the process the medium rare burger that my husband ordered turned to a well done burger. \n\nTo the management a professional cook would never do that to a burger. The sauces were very unprofessional The egg in the burger was also over cooked. I feel sick and very sorry for the new owner of the restaurant. He needs to hire someone who can cook or get help from someone who can cook NOW before it's too late.\n\n This pains me very much because this place has such a lovely atmosphere and with a better cook this restaurant could be a hot spot in the area.\n\nNewly opened and not ready for prime time but I do HOPE they get it together.