Unbelievable restaurant! \n\nWe were able to snag a last minute reservation on Valentine's Day while visiting Montreal for our honeymoon. Needless to say, I am SO glad we were able to experience this restaurant.\n\nThe decor, for one, is beautiful, romantic, and authentic. They have regular tables as well as tables on the floor where you'll need to remove your shoes. \n\nThe menu itself is not just pretty to look at (seriously, they outdid themselves with the design of the menus), but very expansive. They had categories for all types of curries, entrees, side dishes, traditional drinks, wines...\n\nAs an appetizer we got the samosas. They were so so good! I generally really dislike them and just let my husband order them, but these samosas come with a delicious drizzle of some kind of sweet sauce as well as another dipping sauce that really made them phenomenal.\n\nFor one of our entrees we opted for the thali (could be wrong on the name, but it was a sampler platter) that comes with rice, two types of naan, a curry of your choice (some have a $3 upcharge), rice, chickpeas, and a veggie themed dish. \n\nFor our curry, we chose the Vindaloo (the spiciest option) with lamb (the meats have no bones, yay!!!) and it was great. The meat was tender and fell apart in your mouth. The level of spiciness was definitely spiced for non-Indians (according to my spice-loving Arab husband), but in my opinion it was the perfect amount of spice to give you that hot sensation while still allowing you to taste all of the flavors in the curry.\n\nFor my entree I ordered the butter chicken with a side of rice (this is extra, it normal doesn't come with any sides.) I really recommend getting rice to pour the butter sauce on and eat the chicken with. This was my all time favorite dish here and I would go back just for that.\n\nMy husband also tried the yogurt drink with cumin and loved it. It's the best yogurt drink he has had, and he said they made it way better than the way Arabs do it! Lol.\n\nThe portions were perfect for the price. We thought this was the best priced and best tasting meal we had during our entire stay in downtown Montreal.