Bitter is a suited name to correspond with the bitter experience that we had at this bar\/restaurant.\n\nWe have been to this bar when it had just opened and the experience was positive. This was our second visit and we were celebrating my friend's birthday. The setup is quite confusing because you cannot tell what the theme of this bar is. When you first walk in there are curtains draped so that you cannot see inside. It comes off with a speakeasy vibe and ironically the building is the location of where prohibition started in Arizona. Once you go inside, the bar is a mixed of speakeasy, with scifi\/pinup? \n\nWe sat down and the chairs were especially comfy for tall bar style chairs. The menu is huge and comes with a large selection of drinks. they offer a small food menu as well but even then that was confusing. The drink menu was video game themed and I am a huge fan of video games. Though I was confused how it fit in with a speakeasy theme. At first I wondered if it was an anniversary but nothing quite added up. My husband and I ordered two drinks.\n\nMy first drink was in a honey bear container. I had seen it on yelp and decided I had to try it. I was watching the bartender making my 12 dollar drink when suddenly he knocked it over. Half of the alcohol he had poured into this drink poured all out over the counter. I figured her would start over with another drink but instead he poured tons of ice in it to make up for half of the 12 dollar drink he spilled. I was offended and in shock that an establishment like this would just water down my drink and serve it to me instead of starting over.\n\nOur waitress came over to the table and when we told her what happened and that I wanted another one, she just seemed annoyed and confused that we were sending it back. I waited 30 minutes for them to remake my drink and you betchya that I watched them make it, this time it wasn't spilled.\n\nI should have known that we should have left after this. We ordered the taco appetizer to split and I am usually not one to complain but they were so small, I couldn't believe it. These were the smallest tacos I have ever seen. Plus the meat was all burned.\n\nWhen we finally went to leave, our waitress was just gone and we waited over 30 minutes for someone to check us out. The waitstaff was annoyed and made us feel like a bother that we were ordering any items at all.\n\nOverall, I would not recommend this place. The fact that the bartender was okay spilling half of my drink on the counter and replacing it with ice is appalling. Bitter and twisted, please give your staff some better training. I have never seen so many angry waitresses and lazy bartenders in my life. I'm not sure if it is everyone but my experience was horrible and I would not recommend this to anyone I know. I want to like this place but how can I when the atmosphere is so unwelcoming.