Just came off another recent trip to the V-Town.  Orleans as always was reliable and a good experience.\n\nOK...  Its not much to look at...  And you won't have any celebrity sightings, or feel cool...  So why 4 stars?  See this list below, from a seasoned restaurateur and gambler!  I come here 3x a year!\n\n1)  Most generous comp system of anywhere I have ever been for table play.  Comps are handed out by the pit-bosses, so make if you are playing over $25 a hand consistently for over an hour, you check in with them before you leave and see if they can do anything for you.  If you plan on playing multiple times during a day, of course wait until the end of the day to check in for what they can do on rooms, restaurants etc. for that night or the next day.  COMPS ARE NOT HANDLED WELL BY THE PLAYERS CLUB FOR TABLE PLAY or the casino hosts - YOU MUST check directly with a pit boss when you leave a table after a good sitting.\n\n2)  Everything is super cheap.  You could drink yourself blind at any of the casino bars with $20...  And lots of specials for happy hour, etc.  I am a wine guy, so I don't use the bars here, but I have ordered a couple beers, cocktails through the years and always found I was reaching into my wallet for too much money, before they told me what I owed them.  Consistently cheap food, cheap drinks, cheap rooms and reasonably priced entertainment and spa.\n\n3)  Things to do - bowling, concerts, pool, spa, etc.\n\n4)  Clean rooms.  So to be clear these rooms are not spectacular in any way, but they are spacious and clean.  Never had a dirty room there.  Outdated, yes, but clean.\n\n5)  Prime Rib Loft - simply the best prime rib I have ever had.  Its not the most tender, but it is super flavorful and plentiful.  They have a 22oz bone in Prime Rib with all the fixins (salad, veggies, and baked potato with everything) for like $23.  However, you really MUST order it \"Cajun blackened\" to get the great flavor.  Because its blackened, it tends to come 1-2 degrees \"warmer\" than you order it.  So if you like Medium Rare, order Rare. If you like it Rare, order it rare, and emphasize that to the server that you want a red center, and you will get medium rare, or maybe rare if you are lucky.  I have had to send back a couple cuts before that were overcooked, and they happily replace.  But that Cajun rub on that bone in prime rib is just plain insane kinda good.  And when you pair generous comps with cheap restaurants, you have the perfect storm.  Now be prepared, the diners here will not be upscale, nor super-sophisticated, nor will the waiters be (wine list is grocery store wines), but the service is good, and the food is good.  If you are a foodie or a wine person, I encourage you to bring a special bottle in to have them open.  The crystal isn't fabulous at all, but they don't mind and charge a reasonable corkage fee.  I find that when I want just the right steak and just the right wine, its time to bring my own anyway, so the limited wine list doesn't bother me.  Of note, the manager of this restaurant is very attentive and runs a tight ship.  Again ambiance will be a huge let down for any foodie, but just come and get that prime rib (Cajun rubbed \/ blackened) and get out!\n\nOther notes - if you are looking to eat on the cheap, I would avoid the buffet and hit the food court or the diner.  The diner is actually pretty darn good, but I was disappointed by the buffet.\n\nGive it a try.  If you can get past the decor and lack of trendy stuff, the Orleans casino and restaurants are a great find.