I had heard just a little bit about St. Francis before planning my visit, but everything I had heard had been so good I knew it was on the top of my list of new places to try.  St. Francis may have even exceeded my high expectations.\n\nWe got there just after 5:30pm--able to park and walk from a friend's house in the neighborhood across the street.  The other member of our party had warned us she was going to be a little late.  Initially the hostess wouldn't seat us until our whole party arrived, so we got a drink at the bar--fun indoor\/outdoor set up.  Bar food = amazing...can anyone say on-the-house dishes of olives, house-made chips, toasted nuts, and thin-crust cheese pizza.  The drinks were also good.  A nicely made, strong gin and tonic.  When I ordered it with extra lime, they gave me three pieces--good sign.  \n\nToward 6pm, just as things started to fill up (they only take reservations for 6 or more, and its very popular), the hostess approached me, confirmed that the other members of my party were close on their way, and seated us--so nice.\n\nThe food was incredibly savory--AMAZING.  Since we had already sampled the pizza at the bar, we ordered the baked goat cheese with tomatoes and pesto, and the ahi-tuna sandwich to share.  Our friend ordered a burger which looked delicious.  Chips (which were yummy) and pickled veggies (which were admittedly not the tastiest to me) came with the dishes.\n\nI am still craving the ahi-tuna sandwich.  It was a thick ahi-steak cooked perfectly to melt in your mouth perfection.  It was on a perfect, buttery roll...it had a drizzle of aioli.  I can't get it out of my mind and a part of me wishes I wouldn't have shared (even though it was certainly large enough).\n\nI'm dragging everyone I know here asap.  So delicious, friendly staff, relaxed environment, and great building.  \n\nExtra information: The building is two stories, it opens at 4pm (no lunch, damn), and there is a little kids meal for all you hip parents with free meals for little ones.