This hotel was AWESOME.  Seriously - maybe the best one I've ever stayed in.  The personnel from desk attendant to door man to concierge to bartender were some of the most polite, efficient, and professional people I have ever encountered.\n\nWe checked in at 1:30 am, and from the upbeat, positive attitude of the front desk man and our bellhop, it could have been noon.  Every time we wandered into the small lobby, we were greeted with smiles and hellos, and people rushed to push the elevator button for us, or hold the elevator for us, if they were standing nearby.\n\nWe upgraded to a suite, which had an electric fireplace and an electronic main control system that would turn everything on (or off) plus open the curtains.  You could also use the system when you didn't want to be disturbed, or needed the room made up. The suite consisted of two rooms which were huge and extremely quiet.  I think this is the only hotel I have ever stayed in where I did not hear noise from another guest in the hotel. There was also an extremely strong free Wi-Fi signal.\n\nI told Jon for my next birthday I would like the entire Trump bathroom moved to my house, because with the beautiful marble floors, the gorgeous countertops, and the rain head in the huge shower, I didn't ever want to leave. The room even had a floor warmer! And actually - since there was both a television and a telephone in the room, in theory, one would only have to leave to eat.\n\nWe had turndown service every night which included soft lights, music on, chocolate by the pillow, and slippers by each side of the bed.\n\nThe only negative was that we couldn't access the underground tunnel shopping system called The Path from Trump International, since it was closed 'due to protestors'.  Apparently they were sneaking in and hiding dirty diapers, so as to have the aroma come up through the vents.  We, however, did not notice any unusual scents, thank goodness.  Those crazy Canadians!  Fortunately, they did not spoil our five star experience.\n\nDisclaimer:  staying here in no way reflects my political inclinations.