I've heard mixed reviews from friends about their experiences with Car2go over the last year or so since it launched in Calgary. Initially, I was hesitant to register and so left it alone. But a recent trip to Vancouver changed my mind. When I got back to Calgary, I opened my account, and as of yesterday when a little envelope showed up in the mail, I am now a card carrying Car2go member.\n\nWhat convinced me? How EASY it is to just grab a car and go! And that you don't need to pay for parking anywhere downtown. I live inner city and I'm constantly headed to the core for meetings, media nights, dinners, etc. and parking is just so bloody expensive... \n\nAnyway... the good and the bad!\n- Parking, like I mentioned is included. You've just got to make yourself aware of any parking restrictions. Good!\n- Finding a car outside of the core between 8am-4pm. Not as good. It seems everyone so far uses them to commute downtown. But that's remediable. If you see more cars hanging out on the streets of Bridgeland\/Renfrew... you'll know yours truly has been stacking cars in the neighbourhood ;)\n- Simply locating a car. Good. The app is so easy to use and you can reserve a car from there for upto 30 minutes before you need it. It uses your GPS to let you know how far away the car is and directions on how to get there. I have no experience using this in a parkade though, I could see that being a little bit trickier to find your car because you don't know what level it's on. Although many parkades have designated Car2go parking spaces.\n- Unlocking the car. Good and so simple! Just hold your card up to the little reader on the front, do a walk around of the car to make sure there's no damage you want to report and off you go!\n- Payment. Easy. I think it's about $0.33\/minute. Although if your stuck in rush hour that could get expensive. But for the outside-of-rush-hour zipping around I do, it's cheaper for me in the end!\n- Home zone. Good! It's huge! Stretching from McKnight in the north, Deerfoot in the East, Glenmore in the south and Sarcee in the west, there's a very large area in which to use those little smart cars.\n- Inter-city use. Like I said, we used the service in Vancouver with a Calgary card. It was just as easy! The rates were different though. I think $0.38\/min there. A couple of times the navigation was out so finding places to park were a little more complicated. But hey, for not having to find parking downtown while we were visiting, it worked quite well.\n- The car. Good! The first time I encountered smart cars was in university when one of my marketing cohorts used them in a presentation. They were just starting to hit the road in Canada. I looked at them and scoffed. And now... there's so much room, they're super tiny and easy to park... for running around town, I can scoff no longer.\n- The membership... good. $35 one time fee and easy instructions on how to fuel up the car if you need to... the rest is billed right to your account.\n\nSo far, it's been a good experience!