When passing through Vegas, I toured the Liberace Museum, viewing objects from his life.  They were gaudy and circus-like and are full of the self-congratulation that used to make Liberace's whole act vacillate between that of a vaudeville performer and an artist.\n\nWalter Liberace, who came from Milwaukee, had the world's biggest rhinestone -- I think it weighed over a million carats and is worth $50,000.\n\nOnly:  who would want it?\n\nThe man's somewhat pitiable insecurity always had so many ways of showing through. Not only in his overdone accoutrements but also in the things he'd say during his shows. There was a video tape of one of his concerts playing, and Liberace was saying that he was about to celebrate his 39th year of performing.  \n\nUh . . . is 39 a special number?  \n\nThen he said that the moment was very special to him because some Hollywood or Vegas honcho had just awarded him \"a three million dollar contract for the next year.\"  \n\nCould this have been too much information?  Did he perhaps also want to tell us about the health insurance part of the package, too?   There was something self-patronizing about how Liberace would set the audience up to applaud him on the details of his success.    It always seemed rather manipulative, but that was the Liberace way.\n\nThe whole museum was like the Willie Nelson museum in Nashville (i.e., kind of pathetic).  I found myself feeling very sorry for Liberace because he obviously tried so extra-hard.  His florid piano arrangements fairly drip with excessive ornament, right in line with his god-awful Chopin-aping chandeliers.  \n\nHe did posses some neat pianos: one was like a harp with the whole board of strings mounted up over the console -- a whole baby grand turned right-side up without the case.  He reminded me of a Nu Skin promoter I once knew, an unctuous, femmy type of man who seemed to voice church-lady sentiments as all the while  he desperately tried to keep himself reassured.\n\nThen in the gift shop they were selling a lot of things, but only one book other than picture books of my-mom-and-your-mom's-favorite-performer.  It was a small paperback called THE MAGIC OF BELIEVING that Liberace read all the time and that he said had had a major impact on his life.  It made me so sad and melancholy to see this little book.  It was so blatantly insecure.  I like inspirational reading but I didn't even have the heart to buy it.  I felt a little embarrassed for Walter, and somehow afraid that  I might look inside THIS treasure box and see that it, too, contained only a huge collection of old shirt buttons.  \n\nLiberace was half Italian (father) and Polish (mother).  His sister was also an accomplished performer as a pianist but chose to settle down as a wife and mother. His twin brother died at childbirth.  He had owned a restaurant, the Trivoli, and they had the desk there from his office where he used to work.  He worked here, the signs said, at this actual desk.  And they then said, \"He would use this desk to go over his accounts and pay bills and to review new menus as they were devised.\"  I felt so deflated, as though I had now learned all there was to know, and maybe more, about this entire man.  \n\nThey displayed his first Musicians Union contract for a paying job: to play at a restaurant at nights in Milwaukee in 1942.  The contract spelled everything out: his exact hours when he was to be playing, his rest breaks, and his pay.  It felt so menial and dehumanizing to see this.  It would be like Liza Minnelli's coming in to play in Chicago at a huge celebration but having first to go down to some horrible HR office at City Hall and be treated like a nameless nitwit by some cretin of a civil functionary who would the while try to ascertain how big her breasts were while she was there.  \n\nIt seemed to me that Liberace started out feeling like a trained monkey on a short leash and never could quite get his own healthy ego to really take off.  He always seemed to signal that he was trying to put one over on his audience with all his furs and cars, but that he knew we didn't buy it, and neither did he, really.  \n\nLiberace was famously labeled as gay but you look at him and he had this paunch and this thick dark Fuller Brush hair that looked like a husky's fur.  Times change.\n\nThrough the museum I did come to admire Liberace's sheer tenacity and somehow even his embarrassing public honesty about his feelings.  I know Spike Jones and others used to lampoon him a lot for this, for his gushy little speeches at his concerts. He was a klutz by comparison with a lot of others, but an honest klutz and no doubt a desperately hardworking klutz, at his leather and fur-trimmed restaurant desk, puzzling over the desserts he probably believed were the ultimate food of the gods but that most people probably just shrugged when they tasted.\n\nBless his departed soul - Liberace was a self-made Wisconsin son whose remembrance can awaken compassion.