I was HONGRY and on my way to Subway when I smelled the beef cooking at this Eri of the bertos and diverted to walk in and find the beef. \n\nI got the beef burrito which was ready in probably less than two minutes, and thought instantly \"Wow! That's huge!\"  Then I thought, \"Wow, if I put that in my pants, people would say \"Wow!  That's a huge burrito in your pants!\", but it was still very hot and I was still hungry and not planning to step out anywhere, so I just left it in the bag until I got home.\n  \nIt was so big, and I am still talking the burrito here, that I broke out the food scale and that sucker weighed in at over 14 ounces.  And it was delicious.  The meat was incredibly tender and juicy and unlike one of those $7 sodium overdose salt-licks from that well-known and well, \"cleaner\" burro chain, it was: \n1. Not a salt-lick, and was\n2.  $4.66 - with tax.  \n\nI've been here maybe twice before and once more late-night through the drive-through (which, as I vaguely recall, DID take quite a while). but the food on all occasions was decent or better and inexpensive.  Inside it's walk-up counter service with a handful of  tables and chairs for in-house dining.  I think I recall an old video game of some sort faintly beeping and booping in the background but not loud enough to get my attention.  The interior looks a bit worn but without the character of a truly old, longstanding establishment.  I didn't note anything overtly dirty, but it is certainly without the bright'n'shiny factory clean I expect from the national fast food chains (though don't always find there either).  \n\nI don't know if there were any more than the mom n pop looking pair behind the counter, but between the drive-through and the counter, they were working hard.  The lady who took my order, rang me up and handed over my food was competent on the cashiering, and as friendly as time allowed. My food on all four occasions, probably 2 of those burritos-only, including one massive, filling-if-greasy breakfast burro from the drive-through and two dine-in dinners, were all decent or better (such as tonight's beef burro), at good prices, no foreign bodies or parts noted in the food, and no gastric distress in the aftermath.   It's not exactly destination dining but if you're on your way to or from and you're HONGRY and\/or a bit broke, you may be glad it's there - on the east side of 7th Ave, just north of Osborn.