If you are a FIRST TIMER or not familiar with Vegas then READ THIS.  STAY HERE.\n\nThe casino is dated, not extraordinary, boring, small and not a destination for any visitor.  Huh?  Why stay here?  For the same reasons for the 3 most important thing for real estate.  Location, location and location.\n\nMid strip is really the only place to stay.  All the casinos are closer to each other making walking easier here than any other place on the strip.  Plus there are some nice casinos that are literally next door.  Venetian can be access through the back of the Harrah's.  Plus Palazzo is next to it.  Mirage, just cross the street.  Caesar and Treasure Island a little further walk, but again, cross the street and turn left or right of the Mirage.  Next door, Casino Royale and the Quad, which is next door to the Flamingo.  Go down the block and there is Bally, Paris and Bellagio.  You really don't need a car here.  The best shows are also nearby here too.  Great restaurants all within walking distance.  Two of the greatest casino shopping centers are also a skip and hop away, the Ceasar's Forum and the Grand Canal Shoppes.  And a block away is the very large Fashion Show Mall which is across the street from the Wynn.  You are right dab in the middle of the best place to stay in Vegas, mid-strip.\n\nAnother bonus is that it's one of the few casino where the monorail stops at.  Most other monorail stops are not near the casinos at all.  This one is just above the lobby with easy access.  Parking here is terrible, but I always get a spot.  Valet can be slow and at times is snail slow.  Access by car all will eventually come to the back where it can be messy and crowded.  Bus stops are better here than any other casino.\n\nYes, you can stay in a nice place (most of the ones I just named above) and they are nicer.  But they will cost you more, much more.  In Vegas, you need a room to sleep and only stay in as less as you can.  The rooms here are nice.  They have been renovated and are more than adequate.  You will be pleased with them.  Don't pay more for a nicer casino; instead use the savings by staying here to go to nice restaurants, shows or gamble.\n\nAs far as the casino, yup, my initial description is still is accurate.  Boring.  But, on the strip, getting a $5  Crap able is impossible.  $10 Pai Gow more than impossible.  You get them here.  Plus the dealers are nice.  Slots are not it's strength.  The Total Rewards program is good and I can get comp rooms too.\n\nI'm not kidding, I stayed in many of the elite casinos, and I loved them, but for the value and the location, this is the place to stay.  Don't get intimidated by the humongous amount of information or opinions of others.  This is the place to stay for the reasons I gave above.  Do it.