This guy is very nice. But he lied to me. My computer was having some major issues. It was getting blue screened and I had run out of all of the things I could personally do to fix it. So I took it here. He's the first link when you google computer repair in Pittsburgh.\n\nSo I took it in and told him the problems. He told me that the diagnostic was free. Well that sounds pretty nice, right?\n\nOne of the triggers for my blue screening was using Flash to watch youtube and similar sites. Well he took the computer in and I received a few calls later saying that he fixed it. There's no more blue screen. He ran a few updates and a few other tests. He said that he personally had my machine view youtube videos \"for hours\" and no problems! Awesome! My computer has been fixed!\n\nOh one caveat...the free diagnostic actually costs $85.00. I didn't understand this but I was going to pay anyway. Oh another caveat...you have to pay with either cash or check. I suspect this is mostly to avoid fraudulent charges from appearing on your card for imaginary work. More about this later.\n\nSo I pick it up and take it home. I boot it up and I'm surfing the web, installing a few programs, reading the news. I tried to watch a video and I had to reinstall Flash. Well that's strange...I thought he was able to watch youtube for hours. Kind of hard to do that without having Flash installed, isn't it?\n\nSo I reinstalled Flash and surfed a little bit more. Boom. Blue screen. Nothing has changed. I was a bit upset at first but I calmed myself down. I wasn't so much upset that the problem hasn't been fixed. I was upset that this guy lied to me. I asked him how he was able to watch youtube for hours on end without installing Flash. Why would he uninstall Flash after having watched youtube for hours?\n\nSo I caught the guy in a lie. At first I figured I was gonna have to fight with him to get a refund. Especially because he told me, after he had already billed me, and after he told me I couldn't pay with a card, that he provided no refunds. He was cool with it though. He gave me my refund. I think he realized he couldn't fix the computer. I also think he felt ashamed of himself for lying to me.\n\nDo not go to this guy. He's real nice but he's a liar. Also, the fact that he will not give you a refund or a guarantee and not let you use a credit card are all bad grades for him.