Cameron was semi easy to work with but gets flustered and doesn't handle change well, which is not a good quality in a DJ. We booked Cameron for our wedding on Nov 18th 2017. We paid the retainer deposit the day we met him and a week later paid for the bill in full. The full amount was not due per his contract until a week before the wedding, but we wanted to pay it in full so we had less to worry about. Our venue decided at the last minute they could not coordinate our wedding 36 days before the wedding was supposed to happen, which was completely out of our control. I contacted Cameron on multiple occasions to discuss this awful and last minute issue with him. He was very hard to get a hold of and took days to respond. Its like we paid him in full and he didn't care to hear from us again because he got his money. After contacting him multiple times about the venue canceling our wedding we had no other choice but to cancel the  wedding altogether because we cant find another venue. Every brides worse nightmare! Since we paid in full, we are now being penalized and he has decided he is going to keep our entire payment. Even though no services are bring rendered. The retainer deposit makes sense, you have to pay that to keep the date, I completely understand that is non-refundable. The fact that we are being penalized for paying him in full early is ridiculous. He has basically made it sound like he has spent the money we gave him and he refuses to give us a refund on the rest of our bill. Keep in mind if we followed his contract and just paid him a week before the wedding, like it says, he would not have received this money in the first place. So why is he keeping it and why is he refusing to refund us? He is being a shady vendor, another nightmare brides need to be aware of. He is keeping the full amount, even though his services are not rendered and was given more than a months notice to book another event. He is the only vendor I have had a problem with, all my other vendors have kept their retainers and have refunded me in full. This seems odd, why is he the only one? This now makes me question whats the reason for his retainer and why penalize someone for paying you in full early?  Brides beware when you book this company for if you pay early or in full (because who likes to deal with wedding bills right before the wedding) and something happens that is out of your control, you are out all your money, even though they do not provide any services for you. Super upset with this company and will never use them again.