Disappearing servers, empty salad bar, cold pão de queijo (cheese bread), cheap quality meats and ill prepared meats are just a few of the serious problems that plague this location. The one by the Hughes Center is WAY better than this Downtown Summerlin location. I wondered why it was so easy to snag a reservation for 4 on a busy Friday night. I'm hoping that means the word is getting out about how crappy this location is! \n\nI couldn't believe how empty the salad bar was! There was hardly anything available! Mostly just pieces of lettuce and fruit fanned out in a pitiful attempt to hide the fact that there were missing platters of food items. It's like they had the bare minimum that's required by the franchise. For shame!\n\nThe service was among some of the worst I have ever had anywhere. Our guy dropped off water, drinks and a few of the \"freebie\" side dishes and then disappeared, never to be seen again. Did he quit? Go out to smoke and get run over by a bus? Who knows. The meat gauchos weren't any better. While personable, it was like pulling teeth to get them to stop by our table. We had to BEG for some of the ribeye and filet -- and even then we were given slices so small that I COULD EAT IT IN ONE BITE. I understand those are expensive meats but when all you bring out of the kitchen is the chicken thighs and sausage, it starts to annoy me. This is NOT a cheap meal by any means but I felt like the restaurant was trying desperately to save as much money as possible -- at my expense.\n\nThe meats we did manage to get served were tough and either sorely undercooked or overcooked. The house sirloin was as tough as shoe leather. Nobody at our table could cut the dang thing and I chewed so much I thought I was going to have to go get a set of dentures afterwards. The \"house special\" ended up being spit into a napkin. \n\nThe freebie side dishes were an afterthought. Everybody loves those little cheesy puffs of deliciousness, the pão de queijo, but our small basket was super stingy (TWO for our table of four adults). Adding insult to injury, they were served cold and never replenished. \n\nAs I sit and write this review I get even more angry and upset about this entire dining experience. It was horrible. So bad that I have zero interest in ever setting foot in any Fogo de Chao again.  will never, ever go back to this location and I will shout from the rooftops to everyone I see so they won't spend their money at this disastrous restaurant.