I would actually give this place a NEGATIVE score if it was possible, but they are lucky that Yelp doesn't offer negative. Where should I begin? I have so much to say and complain about. This is one of the worst eatery I have ever been to. I used to order from this place time to time because this was the only decent halal pizza place around that would deliver. Until recently...\n\nI ordered 2 large pizzas one evening for my family and I. I realized later that it was one of the worst decisions I ever made. When the pizza was delivered to our house, I opened it up and checked if the toppings were as I ordered...and of course, they weren't. It's okay because mistakes happen and no one is perfect. I just expect things to be rectified as soon as possible. That isn't too much to ask. \n\nOnce the delivery man left, I called the place to tell them that they had made a mistake and sent me the wrong pizza. To my surprise, the guy working there who took my order told me that I was the one that made that order and the pizzas are correct. WTF? You are telling me that I ordered something when I know I didn't? I understand if it was one topping mix-up but this was the whole 4 toppings that were all off. So, being calm, I began to explain and tell him that I know what I ordered and that this wasn't it. He argued back some more until a point came where he began to raise his voice and fight on the phone with me. All I wanted was for him to take this pizza back and just bring me my pizza I ordered. The phone call yelling\/arguing went on for about 15 minutes and he even hung up on me twice. \n\nIn the end, I drove to the store with the pizzas and wanted my money back. Thank goodness that another manager was on duty and agreed to take back the pizzas and give us our money back. \n\nThis is the worst customer relations eatery I have ever been to. The fact that the guy was on the phone yelling at me and arguing shows more than enough.\n\nI really hope this place goes out of business because even when I showed up to get my money back, the manager did not bother to talk to me or fix the situation in any way. If someone is going to have that much pride and arrogance, then they do not know how to run a business. PLEASE GO\/ORDER AT YOUR OWN RISK!!