Here's the short version: Beware of using a camera in the Galleria! You are likely to become the target of the mall cop and be harassed no matter how innocent your use happened to be, even if you were just taking a picture of a friend of yours. You will have an embarrassing and humiliating experience. Management will not care about your complaint and certainly will not apologize. And, no, I'm not making this up.\n\nHere's the full story: On August 18th 2014 I met my friend George for breakfast at Panera Bread, my favorite restaurant in Mt. Lebanon. We sat together for a little more than an hour engaged in deep conversation. He then asked me to take some head shots of him for publicity purposes so I suggested we walk out into the lobby area of the Galleria to do that. The conversation had been so pleasant and the weekend so lovely that I plumb forgot about how shopping malls have \"no photography\" policies. Nor of course was there any such notification posted between Panera and the mall. My sole purpose was to show George's face and to keep the background as blurred as possible. That's what defines a \"head shot.\"\n\nI took a few shots with potted plants as a backdrop and then a few more in the central area with posts and beams in the background. Altogether I took nine pictures of George and then we walked to the main exit of the mall on the top floor near Panera to get in his car. Suddenly a man in a Polo shirt ran up to us and vehemently began questioning me about what I had been \"up to\" and loudly asserting that photography was forbidden in the Galleria. I tried to explain that I had simply taken a few close-ups of George and that I had no interest in depicting the mall and, in fact, had not done so. But the security guy was on a tear. He would not listen to anything I had to say and kept insisting that I had committed a very serious infraction and that he would have to \"detain\" me, though he never made clear what the point of detaining me might possibly be. By his outraged tone of voice, domineering body language, and accusatory words any passer-by would have assumed that I had broken Anthropologie's window, sprayed paint on Houlihan's marquee, or at the very least had just shoplifted a chocolate bar from the Godiva store.\n\nThe mall cop continued despite apologies and explanations. He threatened to call the police. (And what would they have done with such a flakey complaint?) Though I was under no obligation to do so, I even showed him the pictures I had taken of George to assure him that no crucial mall information had been compromised. Much to my chagrin he then said, \"There's ninety more pictures on that card and I want to see 'em all.\" He could not be mollified by any recourse to reason. Finally his supervisor showed up and when the situation was explained she allowed as how we could proceed on our way with no further hassle. \n\nThis experience of rudeness, bureaucratic intolerance, and downright absurdity left a bad taste in my mouth. It would have been so easy for the guard to have said something like, \"Sir, photography is not allowed at the Galleria mall.\" To which my response would have been, \"Oh I'm so sorry. I didn't realize that.\" At this point the exchange would have ended amicably and with mutual respect. That's what I would call a reasonable way of enforcing a policy. As it is, I believe Galleria has overstepped it's bounds and made the experience of doing business there about as pleasant as shopping in North Korea. \n\nI wrote an email about this experience and emailed it to the person listed as mall manager, Gine Mercorelli. It was returned as \"undeliverable.\" I also contacted three executives of Jones Lang LaSalle Americas, Inc. (the operators of the mall). All three had valid email addresses. None of them responded to me. \n\nMy advice: find a more pleasant mall where you will not be treated as a criminal for snapping a selfie with your cell phone.