About a week or two ago, when it was about 7:35pm and it was still 109F outside, I decided to fire up the Starbucks app that was previously collecting dust and cobwebs to place a mobile order to expedite the time I have to be outside.  I then proceeded to navigate myself to a Starbucks location based on the map provided in the app near the intersection of Maryland and Silverado Ranch.  It appears to be one of those Starbucks inside a supermarket.  \n\nEverything was going great as I waited for the barista to finish whatever she was doing, then barista turned around and asked to take my order.  So I told her about having already placed my order via the app.  Turns out I was at the wrong location, and the place I needed to be is across the street.  She was so apologetic about my mix up, and explained that her location does not accept mobile orders.  And she told me I have to drive across the street to the standalone location, and I wouldn't be able to miss it.\n\nWell that was kinda embarrassing, but I'll live to embarrass myself another day.\n\nAnyway, hopped in the car and drove out towards the parking lot exit and I finally see my intended destination and designated extraction point for the Venti S'mores Frapp I ordered about 8 minutes ago.  \n\nWhen I used to work in the Financial District in San Francisco, I am used to seeing 2 sometimes 3 Starbucks at the same intersection.  But I still don't understand why there is a need for 2 locations in the suburb that is well within striking distance of just one of my horrible golf swings.  Are there really that many people lining up to get caffeinated to warrant such close proximity to another store?  Who knows.\n\nSince then I have been here during their 1 hour window to try the new Teavanna Shaken Iced Tea, try the Iced Cascara Coconut Milk Latte, and a couple more variations of their Iced and Nitro Brewed Coffees. Service has been very consistent. Customers have plenty of seats and tables to sit at, and only during the crazy free iced tea event was the place packed, but not so bad you can't move about to go pick up your order when it was ready.\n\nBottom line, this is a solid location and if all you want is short to no wait time, this location is ideal.  If you want a quiet place to study and not have to waste electricity for AC at home when the highs are in the scorching 116F, and at 8pm it is still 107F, this Starbucks location is totally tailored for the studious and industrious. Although the music and the noise could be too loud for concentrating, so bring a headphone and your studious music and find a spot to get comfortable and get your work done.\n\n4 stars.