Target really hit the 'mark' with this one!\n\nI wouldn't usually Yelp about Target, but my visit last night brought me to an actual tear, so I thought it would be worth it.  This location wasn't due to open until Sunday, at which time I was planning to tailgate in celebration.  But after discovering their sneak opening on Tuesday, I could wait no longer!  \n\nHonestly, after reading yesterday's Tribune-Review article that referenced a full grocery section at the cost of trendy clothes, etc. I was feeling a little blue.  I love Target clothing and am not in need of another grocery store. Because yes, it's all about me.  However, I was pleasantly surprised at the availability of nearly EVERYTHING at this Target.  Not only are the clothing\/accessories\/shoes sections ample, but the grocery section is GREAT!  Scratch that...CHEAP and GREAT.   Gorgeous fruit; limited, but lovely meat section and plenty of aisles filled with non-perishables and Diet Sunkist (my favorite), combined with the usual run of electronics, health & beauty, etc. make this a really solid store.  In addition, you'll notice that some tall shelves have given way to a more open layout, which is equally as inviting.\n\nHere's the thing though...  \nThe most interesting part of my visit wasn't the cool shopping cart-escalator, or the slightly expanded dollar section... it was the mood.  Not my mood, but the mood of the store in general.  Even though this was a soft opening, there were plenty of customers, yet the entire place was near-silent, save for a few shouts of excitement I'll mention soon.  For my part, I was in awe of the organization of it all.  Targets aren't known for being cluttered and dirty, but never before had I been privy to such orderly rows of everything from t-shirts to candles.  Yes, I know - give it time and that's sure to change as throngs of shopper to-be are sure to mess up a candle or two.  BUT, my awe was nothing in comparison to that of my fellow Targeteers.  As I was shopping for a snazzy new bike helmet (marked down to just $13!) I noticed a young woman (probably about 13 years old) walking briskly up and down each aisle. She was on the phone with her mother and when she saw the row of shiny bicycles exclaimed, \"Mom, they even have bikes!  And pink ones too!\"  She went on to give her mom a near-complete inventory of the store, all the time sporting the biggest grin you've ever seen (and yes, this actually brought a tear to my eye - you had to see her to believe it).  It wasn't just her. Young and old shoppers alike were all a-flutter with excitement at Target's offerings.  Two older ladies marveled at the strawberries (so did I), one young woman shouted to her husband several aisles away \"They even have tortillas!\" and the comments of surprise and joy continued.  \n\nIt would be ridiculous to think that everyone on the planet has had the pleasure of visiting Target, but my [very official] take on the statistics of last night's visitors; I would say a solid 90% of them were experiencing Target for the first time...and I can tell you with 100% certainty, they're all going to be back.  From top to bottom this Target screams affordability and is comfortable and welcoming.  The staff I spoke with were all very local; within a few blocks of the store.  And they seemed overjoyed to be there.  So no - it's not curing cancer and I'm not Target obsessed...seriously....I'm not.  But I have good feelings about this place.  People seem happy to visit, happy to buy and happy to have the chance to visit and buy.  Am I making any sense?  If not, chalk it up to a shopper's high.