This is NOT an Indian restaurant. This is an American impostor posing as an Indian restaurant. \n\nI went there and did a takeout based on the reviews here. Boy, was I proved wrong! This is by far the WORST Indian resraurant in Phoenix\/Scottsdale. Please read this review before you waste your money here.\n\nI ordered a variety of Indian dishes and tried to make sense to a guy named Chris (I think!) who answered the phone. This person DOES NOT understand Indian food. Chicken Tikka Masala (he tells me) is a dry dish. Huh? Only Chicken Curry has gravy he tells ne. I ask him if they have Rice Pullao. He says no -- we got brown rice and white Basmati rice. \n\nThe first thing that shocked me was how LITTLE quantity I got for 60 bucks worth of spending. My dog could eat this meal and be hungry. Chicken curry? Please bring a magnifying glass. I think I see some in the bottom of the container! ANY OTHER INDIAN restaurant in town would have given easily 4 times the amount for the same spend. This was pure and simple HIGHWAY ROBBERY.\n\nNow the taste of the Chicken Curry. Blaaaaah! It is like someone went to the supermarker and bought a paste and cooked in a hurry! The chapati was very ordinary. The biriyani was ok and after about four mothfulls it was pretty much gone. The veggie curry was very very ordinary. \n\nI should have known when I walked in and saw so many white faces eating there that this was an impostor. They tell you that if you walk into an Indian restaurant and see all white faces make an about turn and run the heck out. I did not.  My bad.\n\nTo think that I cheated on my other favorite Indian restaurants to give this impostor a try! Sheesh! If you just go a couple of miles east there is an authentic Indian restaurant named Indian Paradise just south of Frank Lloyd Wright on Hayden Blvd. There dishes are plentiful and great. They even have a wine menu! Yes, you will see many Indians eating there! My favorite though is the Delhi Palace on University Drive in Tempe. The very best in North Indian! Look it up and do a take out there and the charming people there stuff it with so much food you will have leftovers enough for 3-4 days! Want South Indian vegetarian? Try Udupi Cafe on Rural Road in Tempe. What a gem! \n\nTRY THIS IMPOSTOR AT YOUR OWN RISK. Your money is better spent elsewhere.