Long have I waited to finally go and visit the Musket.  I've had this place bookmarked longer than I care to remember.  Being a native of Etobicoke it should be my duty to go to some of the most unique establishments my side of town has to offer.  The Musket is absolutely one of those types of places.\n\nTucked away in a light industrial area between Kipling and Islington just a tad south of Dundas street west, the Musket is essentially hidden from all the commercial stretches nearby such as the Queensway and Dundas and being so close to Kipling Station realistically it's the kind of place that you really won't come across by accident.  Advance is a street in which most people wouldn't just be passing by and happen to see The Musket and think hmm... \n\nSo that being said this place is practically hidden in plainsight.  There's about 5 or 6 parking spots right at the front but about maybe another dozen and a half in the back.  The west side alleyway has parallel parking as well if it gets that packed.  The place is very low key.  Outside it doesn't have flare, inside it's has a very old school incandescent lighting feel to it.  The lighting fixtures of the stained type glass variety are plentiful yet the lighting is soft and yellow.\n\nThe decor is that of Deutschland with steins, football fanfare and a very simple and unassuming feel.  There are some booths but mostly open tables with about half a dozen or so good sized tables outside at the front as well.\n\nWhile the decor and ambiance may be casual, the menu is sort of old school as well.  The menus look old.  How old they are I don't know as I've never been before.  They have a look that lead me to believe they haven't been changed in a while but logic would lead me to think they would have since you know, inflation and costs of doing business.  Still, the charm of this place is that it feels like it's been around a long time whether it has or it hasn't.  \n\nTo start off we ordered the large Krombacher pints.  The beer was poured greater than the 500ml line.  This is how it's done boys and girls.  I'm sick of going to places where they advertise a beer and go as far as to put down the size of the glass (16oz for instance) and then pouring a stupid sifter a little over half where the rest of the glass is head (cough, Paupers Pub and Patois, cough).  Not here folks.  This is a full glass and then some.\n\nAfter seeing photos of the fare here from a variety of well known Toronto and GTA fellow Yelpers I figured I'd come and pay a visit and order that famous pork hox.  BBQ pork hox (hock, whatever) this is a dish that is somewhere in the dreams of Anthony Bourdain who if he hasn't been here would probably fully appreciate it.\n\nThe bbq pork hox is a big meal.  When I say big I don't necessarily mean like Zet's big or Claim Jumper big but rather I ate it all and now I feel awesome big.  We did happen to see a family of 4 order 2 pork hox plates and share among themselves that evening.  The plate comes with a side of both sauerkraut and potatoes.  It's a Fred Flintstone looking hunk of meat bone in on your plate and it simply looks divine.  Take into account the crispy skin (queue Anthony Bourdain's love for pig skin) and the fact that this is an Instagram worthy piece of meat.  \n\nWhile the large piece of meat is fatty, (it's pork with the skin still on it) it has plenty enough meat on the bone to fill this guy.  I'll be honest, the star of this hunk of meat is that crispy skin though... gotta love it.\n\nThe place was pretty busy for a Tuesday evening considering we're in the middle of a lights out industrial area in Etobicoke.  This place is definitely word of mouth and for good reason.  The service was hard to come by because of the place being rather busy and there were only 2 servers doing all the tables and bar but still it's still got a charm, a menu full of meat choices and large glasses of beer.  \n\nNext go around I'm going to try some of the schnitzels or other generous dishes but it did seem for the most part other tables were going all in on the hox.