To go along with all those nicely-painted walls that we now had, we needed new flooring.  A ton of new flooring.  Specifically, we had decided to install new laminate - which we didn't actually get here at Carefree Carpets, but that they would install for us - new carpet and new vinyl.  Plus new carpet for the room over the garage.\n\nAll in all, it was a bunch of new flooring.\n\nWe actually worked with David first to see if we could come up with something for the laminate (or some other option), and we looked at a ton of different options.  Unfortunately none of them really worked for us.  The problem is that we had several colors of wood - white, oak and a couple different cherry-like colors.  That means we needed something that had a variety of colors in them.  Not circus colors, mind you, but perhaps a variation in color, rather than a single color like an oak.\n\nGenerally this meant a real wood, but that would have been too thick.  So we decided to keep looking.  We ended up also looking at Lumber Liquidators and a few other flooring places, but settled on a variety from Ollie's - not one of the closeouts, but one they keep in stock - and had Carefree Carpets install it for us.  In fact, they had to install some of it twice, because one of the other contractors dropped a tool on it and scratched it up pretty badly.  Both times they did a fine job.\n\nThey even installed transitions - the piece that matches up different styles of flooring - and quarter rounds (shoe moulding) that was stained to match the laminate flooring that we had picked out.  Is it perfect?  Probably not.  But it looks awfully sweet.  Even the cable guy was in the other day and mentioned that it looks nice.  The cable guy?  Seriously?  Family, friends, sure.  But the cable guy?\n\nThe carpet was a bit easier, but it was complicated by wrapping things around stairs, which can be a bit of a pain.  Still, it turned out great.  Perhaps the biggest surprise was the sheet vinyl in the laundry room, which looks like tile, and turned out better than we could have imagined.\n\nOnce we were done, the old bathrooms (two ceramic tile and one vinyl) looked so bad we had to use some of our old ceramic tile and get those updated.  We had Carefree Carpets do this too.  Turned out great.\n\nNow why are they called \"Carefree Carpets\" when they also install laminate, tile and vinyl?  I have no idea.  But it works, so I won't complain.