By far the best meal we had during our 3 days in sin city!  Mon Ami Gabi exceeded our expectations in every way possible.  Since I knew that we would be making a trip to Las Vegas, I yelped the highest rated restaurants on the strip and MAG came up in the top feed.  Coincidentally, the other half decided to make a dinner reservation for us there.  It had to be fate.  \n\nHaving passed by MAG a few times while walking on the strip, you truly get the vibe of a French Bistro with the outdoor seating and decor.  Once inside, it's quite romantic with dim lighting and charming ambiance.  We opted to sit inside since it was still upper 90 degree temperatures out on the patio.  They do have misters, but I think I prefer not to have my food misted.  Inside was perfect as we had our table for two set up in a more private corner, but still able to see the outdoor patio.  Our waiter, though professional, was a little dry in the beginning but warmed up a bit throughout service.  Our food came out with perfect timing.  Service was on point.  We were checked on periodically and our glasses were always filled.  \n\nBeing a sucker for any type of fresh baked bread, I pretty much ate the majority of the French baguette that was served with a carrot type slaw and butter.  I've never been to France before, so I'm not sure if they always serve their breads with this carrot slaw.  It reminded us of a Ban Mi and I suppose that's one way of French influence in Vietnamese cuisine?  Either way, that baguette was damn good and we had to refrain ourselves from having another when the waiter asked if we wanted more.  We didn't want to fill ourselves up with bread before dinner.  \n\nThe waiter was patient and let me try the pinot noir and cabernet from the rolling wine cart before settling on the bordeux ($11\/glass).  They have an extensive wine list and lots of wonderful options listed as well as a fancy cocktail menu. \n\nThe cooking and execution at MAG really shines.  Everything we ordered that was perfectly prepared, had delicious flavors and nice presentation.  Most impressive was that every single dish was a hit! \n-Mussels Mariniere ($12.95\/half order):  By far the best mussels we have ever had!  The mussels were tender and just cooked to perfection.  Most times they are overcooked and somewhat chewy.  We thought we had the best mussels in NY's Flex Mussels but MAG really impressed.  The herb wine sauce was also so good we used the remaining french bread to sop it all up.  For a half order, generous portion and a great appetizer to start with. \n-Skate Wing ($25.95):  Being an adventurous eater, I wanted to give it a try since I've never had it before.  I must say, it was moist, tender and a flavorful white fish.  The way it was prepared was delicious - pan fried golden brown on the outside.  It was served on a bed of white asparagus and baby asparagus.  Veggies were fresh and blanched just right.  I asked for the Hollandaise sauce on the side since I normally think it's too thick and heavy.  However, the MAG Hollandaise was light and delicate (probably as it should be) and amazingly delicious!  Best Hollandaise vert we've ever had! \n-New York Strip ($37.95):  Wherever he goes, he must have his steak and frites.  The other half ordered it medium and it came out medium.  The steak was a good size and came with a huge pile or thinly hand cut fries.  I tried a piece of the steak and it was tender with simple flavors of garlic, salt and pepper.  The steak didn't even need the bordelaise sauce that it came with.  Fries weren't too greasy or salty.  \n-Classic Profiteroles ($9.95):  My favorite dessert of all time!  Not too many places serve profiteroles, so whenever I see them on the menu I must order, no matter how stuffed I am. MAG profiteroles were also the best I've ever had.  They were decadent and sinful.  Three large pastry puffs with a scoop of vanilla ice cream sandwiched between each puff with double dark chocolate fudge drizzled on top - I was in heaven!!!  Highly highly recommend! \nOverall one of the best meals I've had from start to finish in a very long time.  Total tab was $135 for two.  Very reasonable prices, great value, spectacular dining experience without being pretentious, nice wait staff, excellent cooking and very enjoyable food!