I could live in the housewares section of this Ross. I keep wanting to go back, hoping they get the Chef Basket. I swear out of everything I've ever wanted to buy on TV I've never wanted anything more than 2 Chef Baskets plus a Forever Sharp Knife for $14.99 plus shipping and handling.  I realize that I've said that same sentence about Space Bags, Magic Bullets, Slap Chops, and ShamWowws, but this time I really mean it. The thing is, after you see those things and wait a few months, Ross usually has them for cheaper and NO shipping and handling (though you do have to pay the substantial personal fee of being surrounded by unsupervised children during your shopping trip, so maybe S&H is worth it).\n\nThis particular Ross is right next to a Target. If you have a specific item you need to buy in housewares, ALWAYS GO TO ROSS FIRST. I made the mistake of going to Target once for champagne flutes, one of those fancy wire egg slicers, and two ramekins and ended up spending about double what I would have spent at Ross, which I stupidly went to second.\n\nMy other go-to Ross department is shoes. You can find some ridiculously marked down (like more than Marshall's or TJ Maxx) Steve Maddens, Jessica Simpsons, and Nine Wests here. They are usually last season and run about $30 for the more high-end brands, though I'm no stranger to picking up a pair of Joey O pumps for $12.99. I've never even heard of that brand before, but they fit my feet really well and are SUPER cheap at Ross. Another word for the wise:  Check all the shoe sizes, not just your own. Bitches hide shit. But seriously, if I have to tell you this, odds are you've never stepped foot in a discount store in your life and probably won't go to this Ross ever, so I suppose that's irrelevant.\n\nDespite the bratty kids and somewhat cluttered appearance, Ross is good for select things (housewares, shoes, workout clothes) at a good price. Head in often, because you never know what they just got. Give me a call if you see the Chef Basket.