I know this wordplay is too obvious, but I have to use it: Silverado Ranch residents are \"lucki\" to have this restaurant in their neighborhood.\n\nLucki Thai is another Thai restaurant in a city chock full of them, and perhaps that saturation as well as this place's slightly off the beaten path location (Southeast corner of Silverado Ranch and Bermuda) dissuaded me from trying them. We all have our favorites that are closer to home and\/or more familiar, don't we? But since I was in the area and my friend had said it was pretty good, I decided to stop by.\n\nThe dining room is on the small side, but there were plenty of tables open at 8-ish. The lighting in the evening appeared a little dim, but I was able to get decent food photos anyway. My mom, who is familiar with the Thai language due to her studying\/travels, pointed out that the employees are indeed Thai, so that was a pretty good sign. The menu looks fairly standard, and we each picked out a dish.\n\nPad See Ew with beef ($8.95): I chose this because it's one of my favorite noodle dishes. Almost everything was awesome: luscious noodles, plentiful thinly sliced beef, somewhat bitter and crunchy Chinese broccoli, delicious sauce, and appropriately spicy for 3 out of 10. I did find the beef to be a little too chewy, especially with one or two pieces that still had long stringy fibers. But for the price, you can't expect the moon. I highly recommend this dish.\n\nPapaya Salad with BBQ Chicken and Sticky RIce ($10.95): my mom wanted this dish. We immediately noticed that it wasn't anywhere near 3 out of 10 in heat, but this wasn't so bad because I'd asked for additional spicy condiments on the side. The papaya salad was on the tart side and had plenty of peanuts (allergy sufferers beware. The chicken was moist and well-seasoned, and using the sweet sauce helped to counter the sour salad. However, I really didn't appreciate that the sticky rice felt pretty hard and got even harder as it cooled down.\n\nI'll make an effort to come back to Lucki Thai. The other noodle dishes should be similarly great, and I've gotta try the curries because of Marie T's recommendation.