Second time back at this location! Since I came during the holiday season, they were not offering an a la carte menu. We ended up ordering set menu A as we weren't that hungry, and it was more than enough food for us. Menu A includes Amuse Bouche, two appetizers, one main course, and one dessert.\n\nMy friend and I decided to share our food to try a bigger variety of dishes. I love how Joel Robuchon always provides a great variety of bread. The amuse bouche came right after, and it consisted of a foie gras parfait that was actually super light and tasted yummy. \n\nFor the cold appetizer, I got the kampachi tartare with spicy avocado guacamole. The fish was super fresh, and the dish overall was very soft, not that many textures involved. It was tasty, however I thought it was okay.\n\nFor the hot appetizer, I got the soft fried egg with smoked salmon and baby salad. This was another okay dish, as it just tasted like smoked salmon with a soft boiled egg and crispy textures. My friend got the escargot cooked in parsley butter, fried creamy polenta, and parmesan which was delicious- I wish I had gotten this instead as the flavors in this dish was more unique.\n\nFor my entrée, I ordered the spiced maine lobster over tagliatelle pasta ($10 supplement). Another solid dish, but frankly, I expected more. Good pasta and lobster but it was nothing out of the ordinary. The mashed potatoes really saved the day though, as these were amazing. Super creamy and flavorful. I ended up taking some home as it was just that good. My friend ordered the seared duck breast with spiced sweet and sour quince which was another good entrée. The duck was tender and I really liked the pairing of sweet and sour with the duck!\n\nThe dessert was actually the best part of the night for me. I got the traditional tarts which came with five different types of mini cakes- lemon, cinnamon, chocolate caramel, orange, and apple. I really enjoyed trying the different flavors of each one! My friend got the cinnamon carrot cake with coconut sorbet, and the presentation was beautiful. It came in an actual carrot form, and the outside was covered with chocolate that you cut open to eat the cake inside. This was my favorite dish of the night and I was impressed with the taste and presentation of the carrot cake!!\n\nOverall, my experience this time around was a lot less impressive than my other times I've enjoyed L'Atelier. I was actually slightly disappointed at how normal everything tasted, and although I did see the cooks really plate everything beautifully, nothing was exceptional. The service\/kitchen was a little inconsistent, as it took an extremely long time for our entree to come but our appetizers came out one right after the other. Three stars for food and service, but I'm sure I'll be back a different time.