So its time to update my last review for Pizza Rock.  I must say once I posted my last Yelp review  the owner, Trevor responded to me immediately-within hours of the post.  He was entirely all over the issue, asking for details and assured me that all issues would be addressed which is all that I had hoped for. \n \nMy second visit was quite the opposite of my last experience and I was anticipating some kind of issues.  First off,  it was New Years Eve and second we had a reservation for a party of 12.  We started out with 10 people and added 2 more the day before with no problem.  When we arrived a few of us went to the bar to order a drink anticipating  to wait a little bit before being seated.  The bartender (I didn't get his name) was more than helpful and a very cool guy with Corona shaped New Years glasses. ;)   Amazingly we were seated within 5 minutes as the other people around us were looking at over an hour wait-because they didn't have reservations.  I highly recommend the reservations-especially on a major holiday.  Immediately we were greeted by our server Anisa with a smile and excitement that we were there and she was ready to help us in any way possible.  I must say I was greatly surprised at the service we received with all the factors I mentioned above.  Anisa was both personable and attentive that we hardly realized that she was serving other several tables.  A simple thing that makes you a super server-unfortunately not everyone can have that talent.   Drinks were flowing and we all ordered with 3 or 4 split checks without any issues.  For 5 of us we ordered the New Yorker and the Cal Italia pizzas.  The New Yorker is the most amazing pizza I have ever had...that is what we ordered the last time so you know it has to be good.  It is topped with sausage and little pepperonis....but my favorite part was the super creamy ricotta strategically placed on top where you could spread it around with your fork to savor a little on every bite.  Yum.  The Cal Italia had prosciutto and a balsalmic drizzle  that had a flavor like none other.  Seriously between the two pizzas we were 100% satisfied and all was gone except for one slice in the end.  Not too bad for 5 people.  Others ordered spaghetti and meatballs (it was gigantic), lasagna (which my man said he may have to order next time-it looked fabulous), the Romana  II (which gives you a little variety and its big enough to share).  Everyone was very happy with their food and we left full and tipsy. =)\n\nNow we did have a small incident where one of my guests spilled a whole glass of ice water all over me.  It could have been worse right??   Anisa, even though it wasn't their fault, comp'ed us a pizza just for the inconvenience which was definitely not expected by any means.  We definitely were pleased with  our server so much that we will ask for her the next time we visit.\n\nAll I can say is FINALLY some good quality food downtown.  We've been waiting a long time for some good eats out there.  You can bet that's where we will be eating while we are down there.  Thank you Trevor, for listening to my concerns and working out the kinks.  I believe an honorable owner is one that listens to the customer and strives to correct the issues no matter how big or small they may be.  And thanks to Anisa for making our New Years Eve dinner a special one to remember.  Happy New Year Pizza Rock - my New Years resolution is to see you often in 2014.  Cheers!