Are you the type of person that requires being seen in an expensive, overly pretentious restaurant so that you can wear it as a status symbol?  Or maybe you're a gansta who dresses like CiLo Green and wants to show the hunny's (yes, a group of them out with one man) a night on the town.  Or maybe you are a group of ladies who can't figure out why the Bravo TV Channel passed Charlotte over for the next cast of Real Housewives?  If you fall into any of these three categories, this is the joint for you.\n\nIn all honesty, I have seen all three scenarios mentioned above play out during each of the three times I've been to this restaurant (as for the third scenario, there must have been a Real Housewives convention or something in town...there were no fewer than 5 tables of cougars decked to the 9's trying to impress SOMEone....)\n\nThe food is good, not great.  Their steaks are great cuts of meat, but I can get their roasted chicken off the rotisserie at Harris Teeter, and their fish is always dry.  I won't harp on their oysters, as it was out-of-season when I got them, and that's not a fair shake, but still....No Bueno.  Go for the top tier steak...steer clear of apps. and other proteins.\n\nThe service, managers, and hostesses here are all as pretentious as the surroundings.  Funny story; my friends got turned away due to the places dress code.  They weren't given that reason, but come on...they walked into an empty restaurant, were given elevator eyes by the hostess, and were told that all the empty tables had \"reservations attached to them\".  And we are not talking bums off the street here...this was a Brooks Brothers and TRCW wearin' couple!  Bottom line...leave the jeans at home for this place...may even want to throw on a jacket to improve your chances with St. Peter at the Pearly Gates...I mean, the hostess at the podium.\n\nOverall, if you feel the need to define your restaurant experience by how much you spend, and the number of \"important\" people sitting next to you, go here.  If you want good food, and don't feel like taking out a second mortgage on your home to enjoy a nice meal, pass on this one.  As far as high-end steakhouses go, might I suggest Ruth's Chris (right down the street) or Del Friscos (South Park) as better alternatives to this place?  Del Frisco's is my personal choice, due to the fact that I always see Ric Flair here, and he entertains me...WOOOOO!