In truth, all broadband companies, especially those that provide \"lightning fast download speeds\", will be just as bad as Cox Communications. \n\n\nHowever, this is the first time that I have seen where connectivity is down for roughly 3 out of 7 nights and early mornings from midnight to 4am. This is also the first time I have witnessed a active effort by the company to block gaming communications, or Port 6112. Yes, Cox Communications will document your traffic through Port 6112, and then throttle your bandwidth accordingly as punishment for using its cable internet service for its intended purpose, such as gaming, business, file sharing, media streaming etc. \nI remedied this issue by making a shortcut to one of my applications, right clicking the new shortcut and adding \"\/clientport 80\" to automatically force traffic through the ordinary web browsing port to get around the discriminatory blockages. Cox did publicly state that they monitor traffic through Port 80 as well, but once I feel the bite of retaliatory throttling, I am simply going to change my ports again.\n\n I can keep this going more than sixty-five thousand times if I have to. Internet gaming is not even close to as bandwidth intensive as streaming a YouTube video, or turning on your Roku to catch up on your news. \n\nI also wanted to point out that after calling tech support at one time (unrelated to going, just overall bad performance a year ago), Cox did not dispatch an actual Cox employee to diagnose the problem. Instead they sent a Cox-approved contractor who immediately identified the issue at the time as some sort of interference from nearby electronics, as well as a faulty no-longer supported Cox-provided router. \n\nAnd then Internet Slowdown Day brought into light of a mass-conspiracy by ISP's such as Cox, Comcast, and Verizon, where they would rather lobby before congress for \"Slow Lanes, Fast Lanes\" service plans instead of actually doing the proper maintenance to improve YOUR CUSTOMER SATISFACTION. \n\n\nBut I ask all of you this, as a fellow consumer. If your internet is down, then how come services such as your local Target or Walmart point of sale register still remain working (that is what happens when they slide your card, local business charge because the credit card companies charge them and it takes longer because it may be simple dial-up)? How is it, that if you consistently cannot get a IP address or DNS code from your router, that the casinos on the strip managed to run credit cards and transactions from ATM machines with NO PROBLEM? \n\nThe answer is that all three of them have a lot more money to throw at the issue than we do. \n\nI am nearly 26 years of age right now, but began using broadband since I was a 12 year old back in the dial-up days. I can personally attest that a majority of broadband providers will simply attempt to monopolize your immediate residential area instead of actually providing any support to your internet concerns. I used to go through Road Runner and Comcast in Los Angeles, and various renditions of AT&T as they continued to roll out terrible service packages.