MILITARY MEMBERS HATE GOLDS - Everyone I have talked to on base, even those with memberships to Gold's, hates the place because of their greedy attitude and horrible customer service. Gold's Gyms in general and the idea of their atmosphere is second to none.  I love Golds IDEAS and their array of equipment.  This location however.... different story, here is why.\n\n     *Military:  Too many problems when moving or deploying or TDY.  Not worth the hassle or time to get a contract with them, they won't help you at all if you go somewhere there isn't a Golds, like Iraq or Afghanistan for instance.  Everyone on base warns about all their crazy fees and how junky their equipment has gotten.\n     *Staff: Literally ONE blonde girl at the front who is polite, nice, not annoying, and does her job.  Promote her, pay her more, and kick everyone else into shape.  Everyone else is frequently talking on their cell phones, talking to each other, etc, etc.  The personal trainers are more worried about checking out the girls in the gym or chatting with each other than they are with training their clients.  Just this morning I watched 2 trainers not paying attention to their clients, and those people could get hurt if they are not given direction on proper form.  They also don't do a very good job of keeping 12-15 year olds out of the gym.  Benches aren't for sitting in a gym, go back to school.\n     *Location\/Hours: Less than a block from where I live, right off the 215, and 24 hours.  (The only gym within 10-15 minutes of my place and I work crazy hours sometimes, so going to the gym ANYTIME is perfect)  With most memberships you can use any Golds location, which is great if you end up at another location with a Golds in close proximity.  (Hours is the only reason I gave this location 2 stars instead of one.)\n     *Cost:  Monthly is not bad at all.  For 24 hours and what equipment they have there, good deal.  RATE LOCK AND MAINTENANCE FEES ARE BS at this location.\n     *Equipment:  Good array of machines, weights, cables, etc.... if they were maintained.  If we pay all this money to come to the gym and have it maintained, you would think SOMEONE would maintain the equipment.  Its a phillips screwdriver and an allen wrench to keep most of these machines maintained, and it is not done often, if ever.\n     *Pool: good temperature and normally empty.  Everyone I have encountered in the pool has gym etiquette.\n\nIf another 24 hours gym opens up close, I think they will put this Gold's out of business.  I loved the Gold's I went to in Phoenix.... this one is mostly a disappointment.  I'll update if things change there.