Honestly, I don't think I've ever been so excited to tackle a review!! I've heard good things about Absinthe and it's been on my 'last remaining shows to watch in Vegas; list for awhile. I'd have to say, I truly saved the best for last (or close to last..)!!\n\nFirst off, this is an 18 and up show. Although ages 70+ is allowed, I wouldn't recommend you coming with your g-ma, grand-daddy, mumzy, and papa bear, to this show as a family bonding event. Well, unless they have a great sense of raunchy humor, then lucky for you!! This is most definitely a show for mature audiences. The language used will give the average conservative Stepford family a heart attack. That being said, this show became a personal instant favorite. \n\nLOCALS, if you haven't seen this, you really need to! There's a local discount of $20 off regular pricing (I was misinformed and told there was 50% off... darn) If you purchase regular seating, be sure to pick up tickets early because they work off somewhat a 'first come first serve' system. Your seats are determined by how early you pick up the tickets at the box office. \n\nSo now on to my personal experience. The moment I walked into the tent, I fell in love. I am a sucker for the rustic vintage decor. I felt like I was brought back to the early 1900s of Barnum & Bailey, with its small intimate setting with single bulb hanging lights, random deer head fixtures hanging on the walls, and a small circular stage centered with one spotlight shining down on it to keep the tent somewhat lit. \n\nAs the show started, it got better and better. I won't go into too much detail, I wouldn't want to ruin it for you like that! The acts were exciting, some typical circus acts, and others with a more creative flair. I liked that they keep the show modern by implementing current music -- I shazammed during the show quite a bit hehe. But the best parts was definitely when the host and his assistant came out in between the acts. My cheeks were so sore by the end of the show cause they were HILARIOUS. This is where the necessity of being a mature audience comes in; lots of bad language, dirty jokes, and stereotypes.\n\nOne of my most favorite shows in Vegas!!