After hearing about this place from too many people and wanting to go for so long, I finally got a taste of SkinnyFATS. \n\nIt's a small quick service restaurant located on Dean Martin where you wouldn't exactly expect to find a restaurant. Inside there's a few tables and bar top seating against the the walls. You order and pay at the counter and the workers bring the food out to you as soon as it's ready.\n\nThe menu has a unique concept that matches the name perfectly; \"skinny\" (healthier) items and \"happy\" (delicious, fatty, the last thing you should consider eating on a diet) items. The menu is also very diverse, including a variety of breakfast items and lunch entrees ranging from seared ahi tacos, turkey stuffed peppers, tofu fried rice, to a classic cheeseburger. \n\nI asked the young lady working the counter what she recommended on the skinny side and she said her favorite was Smoke in a Bowl, a dish with BBQ chicken. She asked if I liked spicy food (which of course I said yes to) and she strongly recommended the CauliFIRE, which is cauliflower tossed in hot buffalo sauce and topped with garlic and pico de gallo. I went with the second recommendation and added grilled chicken for some protein. I also had to try one of their juices so I got the Liquid Defense (orange, lemon, lime, apple, carrot juice) which I was a big fan of. My friend went with his go-to chicken and waffles.\n\nThe food came out within 10-15 minutes and I enjoyed my dish! It was very simple yet satisfying. Cooked cauliflower and strips of grilled chicken tossed in their spicy buffalo sauce. Came with celery, carrots, and fat free ranch too. It was definitely good, but not anything that blew away my taste buds. I did order from the skinny side so I have to take that into consideration...\n\nMy visit to SkinnyFATS was long overdue and I'm glad I went. Friendly workers and a fun menu concept. I get why people like this place. I will definitely have to come back and explore a few of their \"happy\" menu items next time!