I just removed this from my bookmark. Recommended by our family physician and we were in the area so we had our weekly dinner here. Not good. Never coming back. \n\nWe arrived a little before 9pm and I asked what time they close, the server said 10pm. Ok, an hour is good. I specifically said party of 6 and the hostess (with no eye contact) led us to a table in the middle of the restaurant. Instead, I requested to be seated in the corner somewhere where my family and I can freely talk and catch up. There was only one other family there but still, this is what I prefer. We sat down, at a table perfect for 6 and she asks if it's ok that she doesn't put the tables together. I'm ok with that, since our table could accommodate all of us. Then when my other 2 sons arrived and sat down, she asked if there were 14 of us, I said no, there's 6...She then comments, under her breath, \"kanina pako dito\" not finishing her sentence. I heard this but decided to ignore her cause I don't want anyone spitting on our food. I did feel like getting up though and leaving but it was late and we were hungry.  Minus stars for that already. Your staff is what people see when they first enter your establishment. Your first impression to which she has failed you. You guys on Yelp should already know that I'm not picky, I'm fair and reasonable. But I expect service with a smile and some eye contact, that's pretty easy right? \n\nThe server on the other hand had a better personality. He took our orders, made suggestions and was quick getting our food out. We really tried to enjoy our dinner but it just wasn't working out. \n\n1. Egg rolls- I only ordered 1 but when my 2 other boys arrived they were all gone so I ordered another one. Egg rolls are egg rolls but I would not be craving for theirs. \n2. Vegetable lumpia- my son who's enjoyed every vegetable lumpia he has ever tasted made a comment that the vegetable cuts were too big. He had one and he was done. When usually, he eats them all. \n3. House special fried rice- it was nothing special \n4. Sizzling Sisig- my 11 year old ordered this thing I called the splattering Sisig. Why? It went straight for my son's eye. That plate was way too hot. \n\nLook, I'm gonna cut this short. We ordered okoy, Bicol express, kare-kare, tocilog and bulalo. Our total was $121. My boys can eat, our whole family can. But we just didn't enjoy the food here. I asked for a to-go box and the hostess came up and just set it on the table. No offer to box up our left overs even from the server. Wow, the food wasn't that good and the service was even worse. \n\nI seriously don't see this place surviving.