Having Persian friends in LA take me to some insanely good places to eat whenever I've headed out that way, I've been a little tentative about trying out Persian food here in the Valley. Safe to say, the Persian Room is a definitely a great place to satisfy my hunger whenever those cravings hit me. \n\nJust so you know up front, this is not some casual, mom-and-pop ethnic joint that you can enjoy in your shorts, flip-flops and Cartman tshirt. This place is what they call \"fancy\". Or \"fine dining,\" if you will: chandeliers, white tablecloths, marble fixtures, water features,  wine list, classical music, high ceilings, etc. But don't let this description and north Scottsdale location intimidate  or turn you off, though. The waitstaff is anything but snooty, and neither is anyone eating there. The servers are pretty friendly, unpretentious folk who will answer any questions you may have about the food. \n\nAnd the food. \n\nMan. I may be biased because I'm a sucker for good Persian grub, but if you haven't had any, I strongly recommend checking this place out whenever you feel like a nice meal out. One of my favorite Persian dishes is zereshk polo, which is saffron rice with barberries. I got it served on a platter with a long skewer of tender, marinated chicken fillets and a grilled tomato. All done really well. Now, I'm reserving star #5 for checking a few other dishes out later, since some of those LA Persian restaurants definitely were out of this world, but this would definitely get 4+ stars from me for now. \n\nDishes here may not be the cheapest grub around (entree plates run from anything in the low 10's to the low 20's), but if you want to treat yourself to something besides a steak for once, I'd strongly recommend this joint. \n\nAnd besides, they serve Persian ice cream, which is kind of like vanilla ice cream mixed with rosewater and pistachios. Now can you go wrong with that combination, eating it spoonful by spoonful while relaxing in some shmancy air conditioned dining room while you've temporarily escaped the stifling heat? I'd say you can't.\n\nSo what are you waiting for?