Gag. Gag and a half. Not only was the food pretty gross, the experience itself was ridiculous. \n\nLet me just start by saying that my husband really are very laid back people. We both HATE to complain about food. Neither of us are extremely picky. I promise I am not that person that complains constantly about places.\n\n This place came highly recommended from my boss, who is in love with their food. She talks about it all the time. My husband and I were craving some Italian, and I suggested we go here. The exterior itself looks pretty shady, but sometimes hole in the wall places end up being amazing. Not the case here. \n\n We sit down and review the massive menu. My husband sees that they are doing $0.40 wings. He decides to do that. When the waitress comes to take our order the following stipulations were explained if he wanted to take advantage of the deal\n\n-You can only get 1 flavor. (ok, I guess that is not that big of a deal)\n-You must order a soda (annoying...but whatever)\n-You can't leave the restaurant with them. She literally told him \"If you don't eat all your wings, we are going to throw them away. You can't take them with you.\" (Extremely annoying, petty, and wasteful)\nOK fine. I will get the wings and stick to your stupid rules. And then this happened:\n\nWaitress \"Ranch or Blue Cheese?\"\nHusband \"Can I try one of each?\"\nWaitress \" well, you can only have one per order....I mean I guess I can do that for you, but I have to charge you extra for it\"\n\nSeriously? I tried to stifle my laughter, but the entire wing conversation had been so obnoxious, it was laughable. It would be one thing if she was nice and was just trying to follow the rules, she was pretty rude. \n\nOK so my husband gets his order of wings in, after agreeing to the \"wing laws\". I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs. Safe choice. Not. My meal came with soup. Meh. Nothing great. The food comes, the wings are decent. I laughed again when I saw the spaghetti.  I am not exaggerating  when I say that it was noodles, on top of tomato soup with microwaved meatballs on top. Yum! My husband looked at my plate with a \"wtf\" face. We took a picture of it because of what an amazing failure it was. My husband said \"The only time I have seen spaghetti like that is when I try to make it at home.\" \n  I'm pretty sure the waitress knew that it looked nasty. It was a drop and run. We didn't see her again for 20 minutes. I eventually flagged her down and sent the food back. My husband asked if I would like to share some wings with him. We order another small order of wings. They were again, just ok. I ordered the raspberry chipotle wings, they tasted like bottled BBQ sauce. Nothing amazing. When we finished our food, we waited another 15 minutes for someone to notice us. 3, yes 3 waiters walked right by us. It was obvious that we were done. Their were napkins on both plates and we were just sitting there. One waiter walked by twice.  And we still sat there. Finally our waitress came back took a couple dishes and disappeared again. They must have a freaking amazing break room or something. The best part was when I turned around to see if any employees could come rescue us, and a big group of wait staff are standing in one little spot watching the game. mmmk. cool. We'll just wait til you are done there.  \n\n So lets review, bad service, awful food, bad location, wing laws. No thanks. It would be one thing if you had amazing wings, but the wings are just average. They are neither here nor there. I would rather go to Native New Yorker's for wing night. They don't care how many ranches you want. haha\n\nEDIT:\nAfter this was posted, I received a viscous, profanity filled response from a stranger who was apparently HUGELY insulted that I didn't like a trashy restaurant that he considers a 5 star establishment. So I share my bad experience on a website that was created to keep others in the know and I get attacked with insults and derogatory comments? So guess what Pullano's, I just dropped a star on my review. You are disgusting and so are your loyal patrons.