This is one of my new favorite places for authentic Chinese food. They also have a good selection of the Americanized versions as well. The restaurant is pretty big inside and the menu is even bigger.\n\nThese are the same great people that ran the Kong Fu Gyoza restaurant in the Mekong food court. I wasn't sure until my curiosity made me ask one of the employees. She said yes and called the chef out of the kitchen. He was the same dude and was happy to give me a quick howdy. He told me that he would cook me whatever I wanted. Even some of his items from their last resturant. Sweet!\n\nOrdered the Pot Stickers and the Cumin Lamb on my first visit. The Cumin Lamb was so good and just melted in my mouth. It had just the right amount of heat and the perfect combination of flavors. The Pot Stickers were also good and I covered them with their homemade chili oil and some Chinese vinegar.\n\nNext time tried out a Noodles dish with Shrimp, Pork, Mushrooms in a thick gravy and a Seafood Wonton Soup later in the week. The soup was a little on the small side but very tasty!\n\nThe menu is just too big to cover everything in this review. Appetizers, Soup, Fried Rice, Rice Soup, Combination plates, Chef's Specials, Entries, homemade Noodle dishes, homemade Dumplings, homemade Buns and so forth and so on.\n\nCan't wait to go back and explore more of the menu. Everything is fresh and served rather quickly. They also have several Chinese items that are not on the handout menu. Instead they are hanging on the wall and not translated into English.\n\nService is friendly and very helpful. There can be a small language barrier when ordering. Just ask the same question a few different ways to make sure that you both are in sync.\n\nDefinitely like what they are doing here and the food is really delicious. I'm going to step out on a limb and give them a big 5 thumbs up. I'm getting hungry just thinking about the place. \n\nPlease give them a visit and help keep their doors open. A large amount of the ASU Chinese students go back home in the summertime and it's a little slow right now. MARK LIKES HIS CHICKEN SPICY!\n\n5 STARS