Attended a going away party on the patio. Apparently there was some event going on in the bar that was much more important than anything on the patio. Or decent food.\n\nThe dog-friendly patio (a plus) has a very uneven floor which makes the stools wobbly (a minus and a safety hazard).\n\nThey might have had 3 servers on duty (I know they had 2 and I think I saw a third) who were absolutely overwhelmed with the crowd. There were 2 servers who occasionally made their way to the patio. My wife went into the bar to secure a couple of menus since no one could be bothered to bring one out to us. The waitress later came by, not to take our orders, but to ask if we were done with the menus since they ran out and needed some inside for people who were apparently more important than us. We handed over the menus which were falling apart and put in our orders which the waitress seemed surprised we were ready to put in (yeah, we were done with the crappy menus because we were ready to order -- does that not make sense?). She also got the order wrong.\n\nThe drink my wife ordered was watered down. Service was slow and inaccurate. First order that came out wasn't ours which confused the waitress -- second was ours, but was wrong and we couldn't hold the server's attention long enough to get that message across.\n\nThe food was nearly inedible. The steak tacos were passable, though I've had better from Del Taco. The steak was poorly seasoned and dry. As for the beans and rice, the beans were undercooked, the rice was overcooked, the cheese had the consistency of plastic, and all the food was cold.\n\nMy wife's \"Macho Nachos\" were completely inedible. Steak once again was dried out, they ran out of guacamole (seriously, a Mexican themed restaurant runs out of guac at 8pm on a Saturday?), and -- are you ready? -- the tortilla chips were burnt. I'm not even kidding. They were charred around the edges.\n\nWhen the waitress, who never returned to see how we were doing or find out if we wanted more drinks, finally came by to settle up (after I went into the bar and got cashed out by the bartender since we didn't see our waitress for nearly an hour), she did, after standing there in shock for a few seconds, offer to try to do something to make things right. We'd already paid and we certainly had no intention of trying to let them make more horrible food for us so we told her to forget it and we left.\n\nWhile I had barely enough to eat, my wife hadn't had anything so we stopped by Burger King on the way home where the service was quick, friendly, and accurate -- a complete contrast to Flicka's.\n\nFortunately we weren't there for the drinks and food. Or for the band which, I must admit, sounded great. We were there to gather with folks to see a friend off on a new adventure and that part of the evening went well. Based on Flicka's performance, though, we'll steer clear of this place.