I am in shock by what has happened to me from Hawaiian Experience Spa. \n\nBooking with this spa is a joke. They have one esthetician who only works a couple days. I will say she is a kind and courteous esthetician, this review has nothing to do with her. With how busy they probably get one esthetician? As someone who works full time and goes to school full time it was a hassle and chore to get an appointment booked as they never had any preferable times for me. It was very inconvenient. \n\nAbout two weeks ago, I booked a Saturday appointment at 11:00. This time is again, inconvenient for me because I am up at 4:00 AM daily. I went with it though because what other choice do I have. The girl over the phone told me the time and date and I wrote it down as we spoke. I put the note on the fridge. That Saturday rolls around and I wait all morning from 4:00 to 11:00 and show up for my appointment. I walk in and they ask if I have an appointment. Yes, I do. Oh, you are next Saturday they say. Really? I say okay, I've been waiting all morning but that's fine I'll come in next Saturday. I'm irritated but don't say anything else and just leave. They do not seem to care at all, no apologies or anything. It's alright, I guess the fact that their customers have schedules and lives outside of the spa means absolutely nothing to them! \n\nSo, now comes the straw that broke the camels back and got me to write this review. I let them know via email that I had to cancel the membership as I am moving and it would be a 20 minute drive one way. I get an email back saying there is a $200 cancellation fee per the contract. I did not sign the contract, my husband went and signed up for this place because he was wanting to be sweet and surprise me. I would never have signed the contract after reading the terms. I read the contract, yes it does state there is a cancellation fee. I emailed this Davis guy back, I believe he is the owner. I explained the situation and asked if he could make an exception as I did not even sign and I am not going to be able to get there with my schedule. I also offered to repay the free first facial that we received as a concession when we signed up. I also asked why they did not briefly go over this when my husband signed? I'm not talking reading the whole thing. I'm talking spending 1-2 minutes skimming before he signed. He knew we were moving and would not have signed had he known there was a contract break fee. We all know 90% of people do not actually read contracts before signing. I'm one of the 10% that does, but again, I was not there to sign MY agreement. Now let me clarify, I fully understand that he signed a contract and I know what a contract entails. I have been a property manager for 10 years and I can go over a 30 page rental contract in my sleep. However, one of the things I ALWAYS do to avoid situations like this is to briefly go over the lease break fee before they sign it. This way, if they need to break their contract they aren't thrown a back by the charges. They don't feel like I conned them into something. The way Hawaiian Experience went about this is just tacky and I feel like I just bought a lemon used car.  \n\nAfter emailing with Davis I decided to just stick it out and pay per month and just drive 40 minutes per visit. I would rather pay and receive something than pay $200 for nothing. He mentioned that there was a $100 break fee after 6 months, I figured I'd just do that. I went in for my facial yesterday and was polite. I was not super sweet like I typically am but I was not rude either. Did my normal thing, tipped the esthetician thank you and all that fun stuff. I then get an email a couple hours later (shown in the pics) that Davis decided to cancel my membership and charge my card. After I was told of the fee, I did not say I wanted to cancel and I did not authorize to charge. One cannot just decide to charge my card as they so please. Had I initiated the cancel, yes charge the card. However, if the owner decided they want to cancel my membership at their discretion they cannot just charge as they.\n\nI was not rude, disorderly, or threatening to Davis or any of his staff. He decided to cancel me based on the fact that I was questioning his policies and my situation. He obviously is unable to deal with upset customers. Someone like that should not be in the business of customer service. I have been dealing with irate people for some time now, and dealing with some that are going through the eviction process. I have always gone out of my way to assist and be as courteous as I can even in the worst situations. This guy just can not do it. He emailed back and forth with someone who disagreed with him and just decided to run from rather than fix the situation. He needs to gain some customer service skills and learn how to deal with people. Just because you are in the spa business does not mean all will always be sunshine and roses! Good luck! I'll be in contact with the BBB Monday.