OMG - this place has been here for 6 years?!  How in the world did I discover that only now???\n\nThis was my first visit to CAM Asia Supermarket - a hot tip from an astute coworker of mine (thanks Robert!).  It was a mind-blowing, gut-satisfying, and a heart-contending trip down memory lane - foods, name brands, even smells I was once so used to daily in Singapore and Hawaii.  And even though I tried to race through the store just \"to look\" (and not touch my wallet), I still ended up with $25 of goodies at the register!\n\nWhat an impressive size and collection, CAM Asia Supermarket is not that standard Asian sundries store in Cleveland\/Akron with 1 freezer, a couple of dry shelves, and a bunch of Chinese porn in the back.  This is most definitely a grocery store the size of a small Krogers or small Giant Eagle.  Like any other grocery store, it has your typical fresh, frozen, and dry goods sections - except it's all Asian stuff.  I was absolutely amazed by the variety of products (i.e. drinks, sauces, picked\/canned veggies, mixes, snacks) and name brands (i.e. Yeo Hap Sing) that lined the long aisles of shelves - virtually all I remember being regular items seen throughout grocery shelves in Asia.\n\nThe fresh stuff was great, too!  Where else can you find packages of roast duck and seasoned baby octopus ready to pick up for the noshing?!  (The latter was even more fun to bring home and freak out the wife with... hee hee!)\n\nThe cold counters lining the back of the store offers all sorts of fresh fish and meat products - stuff I guarantee you won't find at Giant Eagle or Heinens!  LOL!\n\nCAM Asia Supermarket has an unassuming storefront that occupies about 1\/3rd of a building (and city) that has once seen better days - but it does have a rather large tower sign out front.  The store is situated in an upper corner of that weird, triangular nexus of I-480, I-271, and US-422 southeast of Cleveland making it easy to get to from all points throughout the city.  That is, if you don't get lost in mish-mash of Northfield, Bedford Heights, Warrensville Heights, and Maple Heights.  Just remember MILES Road between NORTHFIELD and WARRENSVILLE CENTER Roads and you'll be fine.\n\nIf it's Asian, it's there - fresh, frozen, packaged, or canned!  Enjoy!