Glazier's has actually become my Go To grocery store after I moved to this side of town. There is an Albertson's much closer to me that I will only go to if I am short on time but I do prefer to drive the extra few minutes to hit Glazier's.\n\nI grocery shop a little different now-a-days since it is just me, so I am not buying groceries for other people and buy food that I do not eat. What got me going in this store were the little assorted Italian cookies in the bakery cases that you can choose and put in white bags. It brought me back to my visits of Saint Louis 'The Hill' , which is an Italian area and buying these little gems from the bakery. Except at Glazier's I can pick and choose which ones on my own, rather than saying \"One handful\" and point at the little pistachio cookies. \n\nThe cheese department does lack in refinement but it has your basics of non-imported brie and camembert but I have yet to find triple Crème Brie here. Occasionally, I do pick up truffled pate which is in the cheese case so that kind of makes up for the lack of cheese refinement. There is an extensive deli selection, prepared foods, generic sushi bar, pizza, etc . You can also buy some gelato and I assume eat it while you shop. I have never done that but I think that may be something I will try soon, it sounds like fun! \n\nAlso, I can never leave without buying a bottle or two of booze. They are always giving samples to try and not just wine. I have sampled and bought HUG an Italian sparkling wine and Wild Tonic Kombucha. They tend to have great sales on wine which is excellent for single woman shopping. There have been times that I came home with bottles of Coppola wine because the prices were phenomenally lower than other markets or liquor stores. Please do not ask me about the beer selections because I do not do beer, so you will have to check it out yourself.\n\nIt is a smaller grocery store but it is bigger than Trader Joes, so if you are looking for something 'specific' you many not find it here but for basics of what I need (Pate and liquor) this is my spot... unless they open up a TJ's in my hood. ;)