Flanny's leaves a bitter taste on my tongue.\n\nI have never heard of this place, but after being there, I prefer to experience a momentary lapse of amnesia and forget that this place EVER existed. I am not complaining about the food...my focal point was a couple of drinks, and then partaking in a huge buffet of sorts...but I have a personal vendetta against the service that is offered in Flanny's.\n\nSo, picture this: a large table filled with people, sporting their Packers jerseys, some indifferent towards the teams playing in the Superbowl, and one very determined Steeler fan. It is all chaos and nonsense, with people yelling and hooting, drinking, glossy eyed with the mouth watering prospect of their team winning the game. Then, I enter. So, immediately, I decide to order a Long Island and I don't gulp it down, but I nurse on it. And after I finished, I ordered a second one and proceeded to finish that one, as well. The thing is, I didn't completely finish those drinks. But that isn't a matter of importance. Then, a good friend of mine arrives, and since our table is full, we find a small table that is directly adjacent to the table I was previously at, and we order a round of shots. I wasn't buzzed at all. Honestly, I have a high tolerance, and the terminology that was best suited for me was erring on buzzed, but more tired than experiencing any direct effects from the alcohol consumption. Then, I proceed to order the next round of drinks, and the waitress tells me that under the order of her boss, I'm cut. What? I was walking fine, enunciated my words with a crispness that I can't acquire in my sobriety, and I was being cut? Then this witch of a waitress tells me that her boss will come to talk to me, and then explains that, with my stature, the amount of drinks I consumed (1 and a half Long Islands, and a shot of Sex on the Beach) would be impossible for me to handle. I immediately had a dreadful vision of being led away in handcuffs, but after that twinge of fear, I realized that I didn't do anything wrong, and I was pissed. She put a damper on my Superbowl experience. Some of my friends were upset. I was upset. We quickly moved to the Vine, and I can honestly say that what Flanny's lacks, the Vine makes up for it. I even complained to a few people about Flanny's. Revenge is sweet.\n\nFlanny's, you have lost a lot of clientele. It wasn't only my experience, but amongst my crowd of friends, several of them complained about lack of quality service. I was tempted to chew on a piece of bubble gum and leave that as her tip. So, take that!  (I stole this idea from a couple of close yelpers of mine, that bestowed this punishment on a waitress that didn't deserve anything.)\n\n\/end rant.