The Skinny: foodie porn for the fine dining crowd at extremely reasonable prices... and when I say reasonable, I mean it's almost f%$king ridiculous (5) service: excellent personal service, my only gripe was that they probably need to fix the price labels on some of the shelves because they are outdated (invariably cheaper than the listed price though!) (5), Value: Stocking truffles, Iberico ham, preserves, all the little doodads to convert your kitchen into a molecular gastronomy lab? Absolutely priceless. (5!)\n\nWe've been meaning to come here for a while after reading about this store in a news article many months back. We heard that they obtain the best of the best exotic items for all the fine dining establishments in town. When we saw a livingsocial deal, we totally jumped on board to check what this place is all about.\n\nWhen I walked in I was impressed. I mean when you look around store, there are massive paper bags with labels like \"Guy Savoy\" on them waiting to be delivered.\n\nI wouldn't say this is your ordinary grocery store by any means so leave your grocery list at home. They stock hard to find items like fresh wasabi root, vanilla beans from like 4 different countries, exotic anchovies, olives, oils and vinegars. Not to mention, duck breasts and foie gras piled high in the refrigerator. Up on the shelf, they also had an array of different additives (like agar,etc.) used in a molecular gastronomy kitchen. Have a sweet tooth? There are a large variety of gourmet organic preserves, honeys and spreads.\n\nBest of all was their charcuterie selection. OMG! They stock Iberico ham... as in the whole freaking leg. Iberico ham is the pride of Spain and is arguebly one of the finest hams in the world. The heritage organic pigs gorge themselves on acorns during the fall season, permeating their fat with delicious sweet nutty flavour. After curing for two years, voila! it's now here at this awesome little shop.\n\nOrdinarily, at a restaurant, a couple ounces will set you back $40. Here, try $39 a pound (you have to buy like a 5 pound slab though). Luckily for their retail customers, they have little 2 oz. packages which will only set you back $7.50 (although it is the tenderloin portion... a little less fatty than the leg meat but still!). Is this a deal or what?\n\nThey also carried a variety of truffle butters. Normally, at Whole Foods a small 3oz container will set you back over $10. Here, it's only $4.65. Say what? you heard me... more than half freaking price!\n\nWe also tried some organic, pectin free, sugar free gourmet jam (wild currant, fyi) for a $5.80.\n\nArtisanal Foods, where have you been all my life? I think I'm in love. 5 starred review.