If you've been going somewhere else for sushi then what the heck are you doing?!  You're going to the wrong place ya big dungus!  Ginban sushi is the place to go and let me tell you why.\n\nI've been here over a dozen times now and that's a lot of times considering I've only been in the area for like 8 months.  Before I came to Phoenix I've been all over the world and I've eaten sushi meats from coast to coast and let me tell you something - I don't know a lot about sushi but I know when I put something in my mouth if it tastes good or not, and that's why I'm writing this review because if you want some sushi meats that you put in your mouth and you like the way it tastes then just come here, what are you waiting around for?!\n\nFirst let me tell you about the owner, ok?  He's a great guy and he's a sushi master.  The menu has a lot of great sushis on it.  Maybe you want some rolls, right?  Well then what the heck - just get one of the rolls with banana tempura in it and you're gonna love it!  Or maybe you want some fresh fish so just order some fish or ask them what they recommend and he'll give you the best that he recommends.  I don't know why I have to explain this to you, just do it already.  Or maybe you're a guy and you're like \"Oh I don't want some sushi because I like cooked food\" ok then big man, just order off of the kitchen menu and they'll bring you some sushi meats cooked and some rice and some tempura shrimp or whatever you order, it doesn't matter because it's all good.\n\nOk finally maybe you're here already and you're looking at Yelp because it's time for desert.  And maybe you're at Ginban with your special lady and it's a romantic evening, so you want to know how to close things our and seal the deal (Ladies this is a good place to take your man also if you want him to know that you're the boss and you wear the pants when it comes to picking where to eat and you're not going to settle for Wendy's or Taco Bell anymore) so just listen to me and do what I tell you: order the mango salad, and a peach saki for desert, and share it.  The Mango Salad isn't on the menu and I hope the owner doesn't get pissed about me saying it, but order it anyway.  I don't know how much is costs all I know is that it's real sushi (like maybe it's crab salad and tuna salad inside of a mango wrap) and it's delicious and it's real food, not some fru-fru desert that a gypsy tries to sell you when it's checkout time at an Italian restaurant.  And the peach saki is the perfect sweet way to end the meal so that when you give that goodnight kiss you taste like peach and not like whatever else you ate, and just have a good time, ok?  Because it's a great place to eat some sushi.\n\nStop going somewhere else you're wasting your money and you look like a big dringus!  Look at the pictures that's actually what the food looks like and it tastes as good as it looks!