Very mixed feelings with this place. Upon entering on a Saturday night, there was a 1 man band playing which was kewl. We were seated and a few minutes later we were greeted by a slender gentleman and asked if we'd like anything to drink so we gave him our drink order and asked for his recommendations since it was our first time and he said everything is good. So I asked if he's eaten here and he said yes, so I asked what is his favorite and he said everything. Not very helpful at all. So me and my friend asked for more time. As soon as he left, the guy performing leaned over and suggested the Chili Chicken. So the guy came back and we ordered the Vegetable platter, Chili Chicken, Shrimp Tandoori, and Garlic Naan. About 5 minutes later another guy comes by and asked to take our order so we asked him what he recommended and he said the Chicken Tikka Masala so we asked him to change out the shrimp dish for the masala.  He was able to do that. The platter wasn't that bad, it came with various options. The main dishes were another story. Both recommendations were more than satisfying. They were packed with so many flavors that all worked well together. The garlic naan was soo good and if you dipped it into the masala sauce it was more delish. \n \nWhen it came time to pay, we gave them a gift certificate for $100 but our bill was only $60. They took the gift certificate which was won at an FBI fundraiser and came back and said they can't accept it because someone had wrote in the restaurants info and their GC are different. They claimed anyone could come in and just write it. First it came from the FBI? Second what the restaurant didn't disclose themselves but we found out after some research was that the restaurant changed ownership in the past year. The manager didn't even come out to talk to us and explain. We had to ask the server what the problem was and lastly, it makes us the clientele feel like you're accusing us of scamming the place or lying. So after that interaction, that left a bad taste in my mouth.