\"She will be losing out on money because of your no-show.\" This is what I was told in response to a recent no show, for a doctor who can't be seen until the beginning of August. Its June 24th. Well doc, I am posting this on Facebook for all my friends I've recommended you to to see.\n\nAfter having some amazing experiences, and shrugging off a few issues that weren't glaring, I am now fed up with this practice. I hate to say this because I have been seeing the Dr. for nearly 2 years...But I am fed up. The front staff has treated me fairly well, but the wait times have been a drag for me personally. I have shrugged it off because the doc is great. Too bad, because her policies are horse crap.\n\nI was originally scheduled in for an 8am appointment last week. At the time, I remembered. Time changes that. Luckily I had a reminder card that said 8 on Friday. Normally her practice is open at random times throughout the week as late as 8 so I was prepared to come in at 8pm, because I have done this prior. Upon me coming over, they were closed, the sign said 5pm. My card said 8, on 6\/19.\n\nNow, regardless of my own stupidity for not recognizing times, the fact remains when I called to complain and ask to be rescheduled, I was met with the same poor customer service that I can see others have received. I have never been late once, but all of a sudden, one time I am late and I now have a $67 late fee?! My copay is $20, so that's 3 additional visits tacked on. Upon me reminding the staff I have been a customer for 2 years, and never been late, and just would like to reschedule minus this fee....they said no. It's doctors orders, she doesn't budge.  I have worked in customer service for over 5 years now, and unless you are a repeat offender, its common courtesy to accommodate the customer when they are genuine. Regardless of fault, the sheer lack of foresight in knowing how I'd feel about their decision to make me pay this fee is mind-boggling. \n\nOh and about 6 months ago the doc changed her practice suddenly on all her clients, including me. Asking me to pay an exorbitant cost to be in some random elite network. That didn't work for her at all, and she re-opened her practice again. I was pretty pissed about the entire affair, but she helped fill my meds and diagnosed me with an illness that was previously undetected. I went with the flow...because I am an easy going guy. After all of this, I am not so easygoing with her practice. \n\nAnyway...this is all fine and dandy. This Friday, before work, I will be stopping by the office to pay my $67, and then let the staff know I will never be going to the doctor again.\n\nAnyway, I have had it. I need new prescriptions to be filled, but will gladly fill them with a more traditional office that will not haggle me if I happen to be late, call them to apologize and advise on the mix-up. I can't recommend this place less, at this point. Shame, because I was their highest rated Yelp reviewer, and recommended her a number of times. \n\nGood luck with that.