This review will be imbarrassing and gross, so be prepaired.... I have to start off by saying that I love AMC Theaters better than any theater because I think they have the Best popcorn! Their popcorn is usually always hot and most of all, it has a hidden flavor that makes it so good, I believe it is coconut oil. It is SO addicting! I don't go to the movies that often because I NEVER dring Coke, But if I go to a movie I have to have a BIG Coke and a BIG popcorn, which I know is very bad for me and it just sits in my colon and I have to pay to get a colonic the next day to get rid of the buldge it causes in my gut! So, back to the review, I love AMC, BUT, I had a super bad experience that seems to be happening just about anywhere I go in public bathrooms these days,but Not this bad! It's pretty imbarrassing to say, but here goes: I went to the potty then used the changing table to change my little one's diaper. After that I went to wash both of our hands and when I looked in the mirror I had blood swiped across my face! I freaked out and checked her to see if she was bleeding anywhere and then checked my hands and elbows, etc. Then I went back into the restroom (still have the blood on my face) and looked everywhere. You know how some \"Lazy\" people just sit toilet paper on top of the toilet paper holder? Well I picked it up and low and behold, there was a blob of BLOOD on the other end of it! I about puked!!! Then I noticed blood in the little garbage can inside and outside and a little on the wall towards the ground! How did I miss that? I guess I was just rushing so fast (in mid movie) not to miss much of the movie. I was P-I-S-S-E-D!!!! I scrubbed it off 3X and washed my baby again (inside & out, lol) and after I put her back in the stroller I looked in every stall and EVERY toilet paper roll was sitting on top of the paper holder. Other than that the bathroom was sparkling clean, BUT, come on STOP being so lazy!!! They had so many employees standing around talking and laughing, it's not like a single person was busy. Quite the contrary, they were board! Needless to say I missed about half the movie and was freaked out for the rest of the day because I am such a Germ-A-Fobe! I talked to the manager and told her the whole story and she said it wasn't their fault because they have a cleaning crew that does that. I told her that I missed half of the movie and she didn't even offer me 1 Free ticket or anything, just an, \"I'm sorry that happened to you.\" and then she took my phone number down but nobody ever called me. Ok this is the thing, So many places these days think it's OK to just sit the toilet paper on top of the holder, it's NOT OK!!! It's disgusting! People wipe their butts and then grag the paper and wipe again and again and again. Get my drift? Their unknowingly wipeing their hand on the paper roll everytime they pick it up again and your using it next! Walmart is the WORST! Their bathrooms are disgusting and they don't even care! I am giving AMC 4 Stars because I think they are the best theater, best prices and best popcorn! It's not really their fault that people are disgusting and they at least try to keep the bathroom clean, BUT, because they choose to put the toilet paper rolls on top of the holder (so unsanitary) and they didn't even offer to replace my ticket, they get 4 Stars from me! If they change their ways, I'll come back and give them 5 stars, so let me know if they are putting the paper in the holders. For now I am still a little traumatized to go back, so it may be a while for me! \nP.S. Oh, I forgot, to make matters even worse, I didn't get to finish eating my popcorn and coke (wasted money there) and when I went to pay for the parking, It was $9.00! Talk about having a BAD Day!\nBlessings,\n Fay