Reading Alex T's review had be laughing quite hard. Ridiculous is the correct adjective.\n\nI came to pick up my dry cleaning, and caught this place at the corner of my eye. A Thai restaurant here?\nJerusalem restaurant's portions are enormous, and I wasn't about to go to the pizza nova, so I popped in for a quick bite. \n\"Hi, take out or for here?\" The waitress asked me.\nThe restaurant was so freaking small, there was no possibility that I was going to lunch here. My demands were simple, after scanning through the menu I ordered the red curry chicken with rice, soup and spring roll lunch special, with a side order of samosa? \nThe lady wearing a track suit offered me a glass of lime water while I waited. During my 8 minute wait for the food, someone came in with a gift bag offering it to the owner, introduced himself as an associate from some trash collecting company. For a moment there was confusion between the restaurant staff and said associate because nobody could answer anyone's questions. \n\"Who's the owner?\"\n\"I don't know, who's your owner?\"\n\"I don't know.\"\nThere was sketches of bamboo on one wall, and miscellaneous sketches on the other. It looked as if the place could hold no more than 20 patrons. I came here around 3pm, and it was completely empty. But I doubt it would become buzzing considering that it is almost hidden at the very corner of the plaza. I just don't see the reason why anyone would open a Thai restaurant here. There's really no demands for it in this area.\n\nI got home with my food, and realised that the rice and other dishes came in round bowls of styrofoam. Jamaican rice was just normal rice, the RED curry chicken I ordered ended up as green curry. How in the world can they get my order wrong? I was the only person in the bloody restaurant! I even heard the waitress reiterate to the chefs in the back that it was to be red curry. She spoke Thai, but I distinctly heard her repeated the words 'red curry'. This was a catastrophic failure of infinite magnitude. The spring roll was completely tasteless, so I had to bathe it in the plum sauce it came with. There were a total of six pieces of samosas. Small and dry. I'm pretty sure samosas aren't Thai. \nI wasn't horribly dissatisfied with everything, but I was certainly anything but impressed. \n\nHow could they have gotten my order wrong...HOW?!