After hearing a few friends rave about Flock & Fowl we finally made it a point to check it out during our last trip to Vegas for CNY.  \n\nOriginally we were hoping to dine at the location next to the Lucky Dragon hotel, but we quickly discovered this location was temporarily closed. Luckily, the location in dtlv was open and headed there on Saturday for lunch. Drawback with this place is that there's only limited free parking and metered street and lots. IIRC an hour on the street was $2 vs. $3 inside the lot. Do watch the time as there were meter maids cruising around in bikes.\n\nArrived to a packed restaurant and were told that we would have to wait 20-30 minutes for a table (our party had 5). We ended up only waiting 15 minutes for our table which wasn't bad. Seemed as if we just had bad timing. We ended up ordering a laksa, kaya toast, poached hainan chicken rice, fried chicken and the roasted game hen. Next we opted for Chinese sausages, fried egg, veggies, and their soft boiled egg. The most important part of dish is the rice for me. Though the flavor of the rice was more fragrant than Savoy, it just doesn't compare to what one would find in Singapore or even up here at cluck2go in Pasadena. Out of all the different varieties of chicken, I thought the roasted cornish game hen was the most moist and flavorful. Second best would have been the fried chicken and lastly the poached. However, one can definitely taste the quality of chicken used here. The most disappointing part of the meal was when I requested more ginger sauce. What was brought out looked like a greenish-yellow phlegm that one would cough up when you have the flu. It looked like nothing what we initially had. I wish I took a pic of the sauce. \n\nThe laksa was decent but thought it a lacked flavor but that could be due to design. An authentic laksa in Singapore may be too strong for American taste buds and most would find too fishy. The kaya toast was ok but once again wasn't very authentic. \n\nWasn't a memorable meal and definitely didn't live up to the expectations I had.  Loved the decor and the waiters were friendly. Not sure I would go out of my way to dine here again.