At long last I was able to snag a dinner reservation here (albeit at 9:30 p.m.) to sample some more culinary creations from the hand of Gordon Ramsay.  After beginning to fully devour complimentary bread products slathered with butter accented with Himalayan Salt, each of which was remarkably good, first up for Diane and me was a somewhat unusually dressed Shrimp Cocktail.  Three big meaty prawns arrived, along with Cocktail Sauce that to me was not too spicy and not too bland.  It was just right.  In deference to Diane, who does not like any vegetable other than the versatile potato, two of the prawns were served naked, and one for me was adorned with thin discs of radish, jalapeno, tomato, and a few greens.  \n\nA bowl of British Style Onion Soup was next in line for me.  Replete with a delicate onion orb placed at center bottom, the soup was different than any other onion soup I have tasted.  The broth was thick, rich, and satisfying, somewhat akin to hearty Brown Gravy punctuated by bits of bacon.    \n\nI almost didn't order a Caesar Salad, only because a Yelp photo of same looked to be somewhat diminutive.  But I took a chance, and was surprised to see that what was presented was easily at least twice the size of what I had previously seen in photographic form.  Several large Romaine leaves were combined with slightly crunchy croutons and a light Creamy Caesar Dressing, accompanied by a perfectly cooked Scotch Egg cut into  two halves.  I just wish there had been a little more dressing on the lettuce leaves.\n\nMy 6 oz. Roasted Beef Wellington was cooked perfectly medium rare, graced by a few smears of Red Wine Demi-Glace, and enhanced by a superior, drinkable Bearnaise Sauce.  And Diane's perfectly medium rare 8 oz. American Wagyu Rib Cap was rich in flavor and melted in the mouth like butter.  A very sweet half pound of Butter Poached King Crab Legs provided a welcome counterpoint to the meat, along with nicely oiled Fingerling potatoes; very good creamy Parmesan-topped Mac & Cheese featuring Gruyere, White Cheddar, Enmental, and Comte Cheeses topped by Parmesan au gratin; and perfectly Roasted Brussel Sprouts cooked with Spiced Walnuts and Apple Butter.  \n\nA shared moist Sticky Toffee Pudding served with warm Brown Sugar Toffee Syrup and Brown Butter Ice Cream ended our two-hour dinner on a high and delicious note.\n\nWe were seated at one of three half-booths directly facing the kitchen and the pass that the manager said was one of Gordon Ramsay's tables.  And service was just as five star as the food.  We were well served mainly by Jonel, but it was a team effort whereby three other staffers also brought food to the table, poured water and unsweetened Republic of Tea Blackberry Sage Black Iced Tea, and cleaned our leathery place mats between every course.  Servers and the kitchen were also very accommodating, undressing two of the prawns, and supplying us with requested lemon slices for the prawns and Drawn Butter for the crab legs.\n\nThis was a solid five-star dining experience, and we will surely be back!