Well I had a chance to eat here two nights in a row and that says a lot!\n\nOut here for business and craving sushi like mad I do remember seeing this place and wondering what it was all about. The parking lot seems endlessly full at all times and I love sushi but I must say I am very jaded being that I am from California, the SF Bay Area to boot, and lets face it; we do have awesome sushi joints at are finger tips at all times.\n\nJaded as hell, I enter through the first set of doors and am greeted by a nice Plexiglas walk way serving as a bridge. Under lays a nice Koi pond being filled with water from a waterfall. This is very nice I think to myself as I head into the main door and greeted. This place was packed to the gills. One side of place serves as a hibachi. Very famous indeed and nice for them occasion to wine and dine friends, family, coworkers, and that girl you are trying to get in bed. LOL yes I blew the cover on that one because I surely saw a few dudes trying a bit hard on their dates!\n\nBehind the greeters counter is a full bar, though I did not get a good look at it it appears and sounded to be much fun. To the right is the dining area with private booths, very traditional Japanese status; aka taking off your shoes and sitting on the floor. There is also some regular tables, for those who have stinky feet; hahaahahahaa!!! In this section there is also the Sushi bar.\n\nAnyhow, I could care less about the hibachi dining. I was here for the sushi. So straight to the bar I was walked. The decor here matches that of what you'd expect at a high class Japanese \"styled\" place. You can clearly see that someone had a great eye and balance with the decor. It is what you'd expect at any really nice joint. I read some reviews here speaking of \"tacky\". I laugh; tacky is the decor at some of these American Dinners where placing old rusty street sign are a way to spice up the place. This place was beautiful. Everything was in balance.\n\nSo let's get on with the sushi. I ate here two nights in a row, should tell you how the sushi is. Again, I fully admit to being a snob, jaded, and completely an ass when it comes to sushi! This place was spot on. Have I had better? Of course! However, this place throws down well. I could see it making a great stand in the San Francisco. The fish was fresh. I was told it came from San Francisco. *Jaded Mode On * Duh, that's why it was good. Kidding aside, the Saba, Hamachi, Uni, Sake, and others were point on! The preparation and display was beautiful. I even tested the sushi chief on his abilities and told him to throw me what ever he wanted. He passed with making up some interesting rolls. I tried their signature sashimi, it was good. I mean I don't have anything bad to say about my two meals here.  \n\nOverall this place is great. Fresh fish, nice and professional staff, and well worth it in all ways. Don't take my word, try it yourself. And trust me, when I say jaded I mean it...