After hearing about the new Jonathan Sawyer restaurant, my girlfriends and I decided to treat ourselves to a nice dinner tonight. And wow, all I can say- it was by far the best dinner I have ever experienced in Cleveland.\n\nSee, the best part about Cleveland, is that you don't have to be waitlisted for 3 months to try to get into a restaurant of this caliber- nor do you need to shell out 200-300 dollars on one meal. You don't have to wait in some ridiculous line for 2+ hours to get a seat (just make a reservation though). You don't have to push your way through crowds to get to Trentina. There is a dress attire, so you have to dress up- but hey, why not, it makes for an enjoyable experience.  Trentina was incredible- and we made reservations only a couple of days prior to our dinner, parked in the complimentary valet, and walked peacefully into the restaurant.\n\nIt's a great looking restaurant- clean, white walls, large windows, mirrored tables- I love the design of it.\n\nCurrently, they have two tasting menus- the bianco and the pasta. The bianco is the bigger menu, and it's cheaper to buy online rather in the dining room. However, we chose a smaller tasting menu (5 pasta dishes + other tastings) - and it was amazing. All the pasta is made in house and they were by far, the best pasta I think I have ever had. Ever. \n\nI wish I could rattle off the names of the pasta, but not being Italian, I kind of am unsure of what I'm talking about when I say the names. All I can say though, was that the pasta- was utterly amazing- filled with varying dishes including abalone (abalone! Chef Sawyer gets his abalone from his a friend who owns an abalone business. When I saw the abalone, I was like, \"WHAT? Abalone?!), caviar, roe, scallops, special fungi, amazing cheese, and so on. My favorites of the night were the ouvo all trentina (the egg comes out in this wooden branch of some sort, cooked over embers....straight onto your plate of amazing pasta), and pline + zuppa di vino vianco- which was this amazing cheese in a bread ball of some sort, with pureed cabbage, etcera... amazing. Utterly amazing. And all the pasta is made in house. OMG, SOOOOOOOOOO amazing. I was in food heaven.\n\nAnd what was great about this restaurant, was that the service was great. They replaced every fork and knife we used with each course, and were attentive to our needs, explaining each dish. Chef Sawyer himself even came out, explaining multiple dishes for us, and telling us where the ingredients came from.\n\nI was even surprised with the candles they had used on the table..was really beef fat! But it made for great dipping for our bread (between our courses). \"Everything is usable\" they said.\n\nOverall, I was stuffed after our pasta tasting (which, is not listed on their website- you have to call in and ask), which completed with a trio of desserts, including olive ice cream on amaretto, homemade yogurt + red currants + gianduja + danish, and apricots+ other fruits. We were STUFFED. But, seriously, Trentina is the best restaurant I have ever been to CLE.. I dare say this may indeed challenge the high caliber places in NYC and LA..... wow, it was so amazing. \n\nEven the bathroom was nice- they had a bidet (which was even heated), along with a sink faucet with built in dyson fans INTO the faucet. Dude, I could have lived in that bathroom. I've never even seen a bidet in CLE before! Nice, very nice.\n\nOverall, I was extremely impressed and highly recommend going to Trentina when you want to experience a world of amazing flavors. You don't see this type of restaurant in CLE, and I applaud Chef Sawyer for Trentina. It definitely sets a new stage of foodieness in CLE...and I like it a lot. Amazing. Five stars to the max.