If you want to travel in style, hang out with royalty!\nMy last minute Kyara UYE gave me the opportunity to dine with Kyara's duchess, Debbie N.  We sat at the bar, where we could see a clean and active kitchen, and a nice view of the small establishment.  While waiting for Debbie I ordered \"iced green tea\" and ended up with a can of  green tea over ice - fine, but probably not worth $2.50.  The rest of the experience was well worth the cost, which was very fair for what we ate!\n\nWe started off by ordering homemade tofu, which I was hopeful for after reading David S.'s review, but they were out.  We got the rice crackers with kabocha dip.  It was sweet and velvety.  Debbie sensed a vanilla flavor, and it was topped with chopped peanuts.  Next, the agedashi nasu (eggplant) topped with shishito pepper.  I loved the broth, and the eggplant was only lightly fried.  The broth was so flavorful!\n\nThen, the magical yuzu chili salmon.  Delicious!  Debbie N. loves salmon so I made sure she got more, and I ate more of the greens in the yuzu dressing.  Delightful!  Then my pick, the seared mackerel with ginger, daikon and ponzu.  It had a grill\/smoky flavor but yet the perfect cross between firm and delicate texture that I love about mackerel.  This was a winner and the portion was very generous.  The man next to us was the Kaeru Kid, a west-coast travel writer who had been all over the world.  He let us sample his tofu steak with bean sprout dish, and it was hearty!!!\n\nDebbie N. said I must try the kaisen chawanmushi since I never had it.  It was so delicious!  It had a sort of egg-drop flavor to me, but the texture was unique and it was so full of seafood - bay scallops, shrimp, kamaboko fish cake, oyster or mussel, calamari...wow!\n\nWe decided to get one more dish.  Our waitress had sang the praises of the beef tongue stew and said it was on special tonight, so we opted for it...only to find out it was sold out too!!!  Two strikeouts for us.  We decided to get the soft shell crab appetizer and it came with ponzu.  We missed Teri C. here by 4 hours apparently, and Debbie mentioned how the restaurant must pay attention to reviews and make changes (like adding a sauce to the crab as Teri C. suggested).  Two of the chefs behind the counter recognized Debbie and greeted her personally.  \n\nI like the atmosphere, the prices are very reasonable, and there are a lot of unique options to try.  We didn't try any skewers this trip, so I need to return for some of those.  We leisurely dined and relaxed for two hours, and our waitress brought me water when my can of tea ran out.  Good service, lots of yelling irrashaimase and gozaimas as people are in and out, and the food speaks for itself!