To start, the food was 5 stars.  It was just several other things that would keep me from going back.  Where do I start?  \nFirst, the only wine choices, (3) they have are all $11.00 a glass.  $11.00?!   Even very expensive restaurants have choices in the $8.00 range.  Some even less.  It's a very simple concept that Costco started....sell them for less and just sell more.  I'm sure the high dollar Scottsdale lease is very expensive but I would have had two 7.00 glasses....which makes 14.00.  That's 4.00 more then 11.00.  Very few people are going to have 2 glasses at that price....which for a couple is 44.00 worth of wine by the glass.   \nNext....we were a party of 6,  that's not a \"large\" party.  When they brought out our checks and we sent them back with our payment....when they return with the CC slips, they had added the gratuity.  Instead of adding it when they first brought the check out as everyone else does.  It felt like a bait and switch.  And 6 people, come on?   They added 20 percent to the full total even on the tax.   I would have tipped 15-18% naturally.  \nNext..... Our friends had a superfluous charge for brown rice....they hadn't ordered a side of brown rice.   They only ordered a side of white rice.  The brown rice side that was about 1\/2 of a cup of rice was 2.75.   That was on top of an already 14.00 dish.  Really?  A dimes worth of rice for 2.75?  Just bring another side of rice if your patron isn't satisfied with the 1\/2 cup that came with the 14.00 meal.  Just because.   And when my friend dared to ask the charge to be removed.....we all got the feeling she...we....were being thought petty.  I don't care if it's only one nickel over.....it's not YOUR nickel, it's the patrons.  They actually debated with her about it and I think it took two tries to get it off the bill.  She would have dropped it and paid it....no way.\nNext...I ordered a side of 7.00 crispy green beans.  When he went to write it down he repeated something completely different then what I said.  I caught it and asked.  He had instead ordered me a 14.00 meal that has  green beans.  The two sounded nothing alike.  I'm not sure how he confused that.  In any case, I conceded.  And later I was irritated I had.\nNext...I don't want to be told I'm having dessert.  I want to be asked. \"Save room for the coconut ice cream\".   How about \"did anyone save room for dessert\".  When we replied that we were maybe going to have dessert at the Maverick coffee house next door we were told \"that place is closed\".   And it wasn't.  To be fair, normally it is closed at that time but it was open for a special event.  But it was still an abrupt weird reply.\nWe were a party of 6 and another table of 2 who were also connected with the special event at the Maverick were in the restaurant that night.     Other than that there was another 6 or so people in there in the time frame that we were there. So...had the special event not have been going on....half the people there wouldn't have been there.\nThe main problem I think is the price.  Thai food should be reasonable.  Usually is.  Even high end like Wild Thaiger on Central has dishes mostly in the 9-12 dollar range.  And 8.00 glasses of wine.  And is way hipper design wise then this place is. Although it's nice in there.    So my advice.......they need to adjust the prices, get better wine options price wise and keep making that wonderful food and they'll  be packed out on a Friday night at 8:00.    They won't need to upsell or charge for a extra side of rice or haggle over 2.75. \nPeople want the Trifecta.....fabulous food, prices and service.   That's called Durants.  It's very upscale but worth every penny.......they have a 6.00 glass of wine if I'm not mistaken.  \nAnd I spent 91.00 tax and tip for 2 people to eat rice and sauce.....I could have gone to Durants.  Durants lets you spilt a 28 oz. slab of meat and it comes with a extra set of sides for only 5.00 more....and they tell you that when you say your going to \"split\".  That's why 60 years later they are still around and packed out.  You can't walk in on a Friday or Saturday usually.\nWe shall see how Takeda fares.  And I disagree with Yelp...it's 3 $$$, not 2.  Especially since its Thai.\nAnother positive....the person who I think was the owner but wasn't waiting on us was very nice and welcoming.