To whom it may concern,\n\nMy name is Nicole, and I have been in love with this\/these restaurant(s) for the past 3 years. I went for my Birthday, March 2nd, last year for my 30th. There was an unfortunate mix-up and the restaurant called an hour before my reservation to inform me that they had overbooked, and that I'd have to sit at the bar until a table became available. However, they accommodated us with a free \"Cubeta De Camaron\", which was delicious, and 20 minutes later, we were seated with lovely service.\n\nI decided to come to Playa Cabana again for my 31st Birthday. Our reservation was for 7:30pm. Upon arriving, the host proceeded to sit us at the bar. I explained, \"I made a reservation earlier in the week for a table. Not to sit at the bar\". The host responded, \"We can sit you wherever we need to\". Slightly off-put, my significant other and I hesitatingly sat down at the bar, ordered a Dos Equis and \"Bucket Of Shrimp\", since we had enjoyed it so much last time. I asked if he'd be able to accommodate us at a table at some point. He said no, unless we wanted to wait around until 9pm. Our \"Bucket Of Shrimp\" arrived, and there were literally 8 shrimps, in a basket. My significant and I inquired with the bartender about the inconsistency from last time. Asking if they changed the menu, and why it still insinuated, \"bucket\" on the menu. The bartender knew we were getting frustrated, and spoke to the  Manager, \"Sergio\", who proceeded to literally shrug his shoulders and walk away. As somebody who works in the customer service industry, I know this was completely atrocious behavior. I told my boyfriend that I'd rather go some place else, and visited the ladies room before we left. I noticed my significant other patted the host on the back, and informed him of his great customer service (With a sarcastic undertone). While I know my partner was disgruntled with Sergio, he proceeded to accuse us of \"assault\", showed us the door, and told us we weren't welcome back, to any of the locations.\n\nWhat really upsets me about these circumstances, is that I'm a pretty laid back person. I consider myself to be very understanding, and even tried to explain why I was so upset before leaving. And that my boyfriend was just standing up for me, that it was not a personal attack. My explanation was dismissed, and we were told repeatedly to \"get out\", without an apology, and without hearing us out. We were treated as if our anger was unwarranted and invalid. (Which only made us more angry) We left.\n\nIn conclusion, I had been looking forward to this Birthday dinner for months, as I don't get to come to Playa Cabana as often as I'd like. Special occasions. I tell everyone about how great this place is, and bring friends from out of town here. I know it's a busy place, probably causes quite a bit of stress for the employees, but this experience was probably the worst experience I've ever had in my life. I feel sick to my stomach, and there was no way I could not write this since I could not get a hold of another manager. The food and atmosphere at Playa Cabana is exceptional. The morale however, has proved to me, an entirely different story. Thank you for your time.\n\n\nNicole.