This company has been contracted by the condo development where i live for landscaping. The average age of their employees appears to be 19. Average I.Q. is pretty much a match.\nWhat has always surprised me about this bunch is that while they are committed enough to show up on weekend & holiday mornings with their leaf blowers by 6:58 a.m., on days when folks are leaving by 7:00 for work, we are wading through snow drifts waist high to get to the parking area. I have never once seen them use a shovel here on snow. If they cannot blow it off the sidewalk with the blowers that are actually louder than any AC\/DC concert I have ever attended,  it's there until spring melting occurs.\nAnd woe is the little doggy that takes a rock to the side of his head out walking with his mommy while THESE bustafooligans are trying to clear 100 units of snow in under fifteen minutes!  \nThe sight of their company truck weaving down the roadway with both doors wide open and the sweet sweet sounds of Nickelback playing is one I have come to expect on weekdays as i am arriving home from work. Remember...blowers on by seven a.m. on weekends and holidays but no racing to get the job done on days when we don't have to be up at the crack of dawn! Efficiency at its finest with Bradbosh.\nI honestly can't wait until summer arrives as waking up to the sound of a lawn mower or leaf blower makes me even happier then,  as there is a certain exhilaration in having all the blood in your body rush to your heart upon awakening at my age. A nice test of the ticker at no cost to me. \nI sure hope they  keep the blade on the mower as low as they did last year. Who needs grass when im sure the dirt mounds are far more easy to maintain for them in the long run, especially with the recent influx of skunks to the neighbourhood! \nWould i recommend this company to a friend?? Hells no! \nIs there a chance I might snap one of these mornings and cram a leaf blower where the sun never shines on one of their hackysack-playing, Nickelback-listening, slackjawed, grade six achieving employees?\nHells yes!