When I was still a newbie to Pittsburgh, I would occasionally (well, maybe more than \"occasionally\") get lost while walking and driving around Oakland and Shadyside. It did not help that I would usually get nervous and frazzled in the middle of Baum Blvd, Centre Avenue, and Fifth Avenue, the three of the most congested streets in the area.\n\n\"Am I going west? East? Didn't I just pass that Subway? Oh my god, BUS!\" *screech*\n\nAhem, thankfully, nobody has been injured on my part. Anyway, I used to always look for this Target whenever I drove on Centre Avenue. If I saw this store in front of me, I knew I was heading east. Thus, Target had become my magnetic pole, allowing me to orient myself in the chaos that is Pittsburgh.\n\nAside from saving my skin on numerous occasions while driving, it has also, quite literally, saved my skin with its vast selection of skin and first-aid products. The scent of freshly brewed coffee from the nearby Starbucks greets me as I take the escalator up from the lobby to the second floor. Many of the departments are well-stocked, organized, and clear of clutter. One exception is the clothing department, where some shirt may have fallen off their hangers or bags of socks ripped open and their contents spewed everywhere. Cleanup on aisle...socks, please?\n\nI don't have any complaints about the electronics department. Again, organized, well-stocked, and clean. The employees that are usually assigned there are very helpful and professional. I haven't looked much at the books and magazines that are on sale. I think quite a few of them are discounted 10-30%. The grocery department is, surprisingly, usually quite clean! I would have thought that with all the produce and refrigerated items, there would at least some spoiled products and a fruit fly or two buzzing around. But nope, after my close inspection, the apples and bananas are bruise and fruit-fly free!\n\n(Your results may vary, of course, depending on how busy the store is, what the drought status is, how happy the employees are, and how the stars are aligned that day).\n\nIn the household products department, I can usually find sales and clearances on paper towels, toilet papers, and bath and skin products. They may be not huge sales, but a sale is a sale, even if it saves you $0.50 or so.\n\nOverall, this is one of the nicest Target stores I've been to. That being said, getting here and finding a parking space, especially on a weekend, is a nightmare! Why did they place a Target store right at the intersection of Centre Avenue and Penn Avenue, two very busy and congested streets? It will only get busier and more congested once construction on the East Liberty Bus Terminal finishes, new apartment complexes are built, and more stores open in East Liberty and Bakery Square. I'm just hoping the infrastructure also gets a facelift so traffic will ease and make coming not only to this store but also to other places in the area more enjoyable.