After the last time of going to Cosmo and having my dog attacked by a dog who's owners couldn't control it, I didn't think I'd be back to the park (even though I had been plenty of times without incident) but I did go back this evening. \n\nI figured it had been about 6 months and I really do enjoy taking her. She loves it. I should have re-read my past review about telling myself I'd NEVER go back in the evenings. And here's why...\n\nTo be honest, I wasn't expecting anything bad to happen. My dog was having her usual fun time but within 5 minutes of entering, a small dog got attacked by a larger dog and all you could hear was crazy amounts of yelping and whining like the dog was being eaten. It was a horrible sound. The owner of the small dog started crying hysterically, running towards the dog, arms outstretched screaming like a banchee. Now, of course it's not her fault her dog is being attacked but she definitely was escalating the situation by acting this way. Don't any of these people watch The Dog Whisperer? Geez. :P Energy people. CALM, ASSERTIVE energy. Fuck, it's not hard.\n\nSo this fight between the two dogs is still going on. About 15 seconds into it, it turned into an all out brawl with 6 other dogs going ape-shit on this little dog and then each other. IAnd THEN, as if things couldn't get any worse...every dog in the park started running over to the scuffle. First thing I thought was, \"It's time to get the FUCK OUTTA HERE!\" \n\nThe group of dog owners converged in the entry way to the park, apparently to talk out the situation, while hysterical lady kept crying. Some words were exchanged between owners & I decided it was time to excuse myself. Mind you, I had my dog leashed at this point. She was healing & completely under my voice command. I made her sit and stay at the gate, in front of all these people and their dogs. I went first and she followed, all on my voice commands. \n\nIt made me feel like I accomplished something to have my dog under my control while there was complete chaos ensuing around me. \n\nIf you can't even get control over your 10 lb. dog in most circumstances, please for the love of god, DON'T TAKE THEM TO THE DOG PARK. And if you don't have control of your 70 lb. dog, DON'T TAKE THEM TO THE DOG PARK.