If Groupon was a person, we would probably go out... It takes me to all sorts of new places, introduces me to its friends and overall shows me a hell of a time... \n\nI purchased a $16 voucher to Sage Catering a couple months ago and just got a reminder email (thanks, Groupon!) that it was about to expire... Needless to say, I hustled my little self on over there yesterday... \n\n$16 doesn't seem like a lot at a restaurant, but it's plenty here... I ordered a barbecue sandwich plate with green bean casserole and tomato cucumber salad... The other order was a straight barbecue plate with macaroni and cheese and their baked beans... Both orders came with a pickle spear and mini corn muffin... I still had to order more, so I got an additional order of the black beans and rice... Oh! And you get a free brownie with check-in... \n\nMy barbecue sandwich was absolutely delightful!  The bread was nice and fluffy... The barbecue, supertastytastic... I thought the green bean casserole was okay, but I like a lot of the crunchy onion stuff on mine and this was just a regular amount... That's not on them, though... lol  The tomato cucumber salad had incredibly fresh veggies and a nice pepper balance... The macaroni and cheese was very creamy and they use a rotini noodle... I was a little apprehensive upon hearing that, but it was tremendous... The baked beans were excellent... The mini corn muffins were a little less than warm since I'd taken the meals to go (nowhere to eat inside) and had a ways to travel, but I popped it in the microwave for a few seconds and it was superb...  That brownie was frickin terrific... I had to keep myself from eating the whole thing...  \n\nMy favorite part, though?  The sauces... Oh my geez... The Chipotle barbecue was the most delectable thing I've had in a while... Super hot, but it still showed a great savory taste... And the Asian barbecue?  Perfectly blended flavors... The person ringing me up told me to mix them together... Shut the front door, it was incomparable to any other sauce I've ever had... Beyond outstanding... \n\nGreat lunch... If I need catering (or just another lunch), these guys will definitely be in the running!\n\nNext time?  Barbecue tacos!