Hodge's is now one of my new favorite restaurants. \n\nI feel like I need to comment on the staff first because they provided the first impression and what a first impression that was! They were wonderful! Everyone was so pleasant, informative, and accommodating. They didn't even care when Fake Boyfriend asked to switch tables -- because he can't EVER just sit where we are originally seated. It's like a nervous tick or something. MUST.ASK.TO.CHANGE.SEATS.OR.WILL.SELF.DESTRUCT. Our server, Amanda, laughed it off and just put us in a new spot like it was no big deal at all. \n\nWe immediately ordered drinks. An IPA for FB and a Beehive for me. I loved that cocktail so hard. And they had plenty of interesting cocktails on the menu. \n\nSoon after, we were served an amuse bouche (sorry, I know that sounds pretentious) of tater tots with a really good southwest-ish dipping sauce. Then skillet cornbread with maple bourbon butter. All complimentary. OMG .... that cornbread and butter were totally bomba$$. I actually ate some of that butter with a spoon. \n\nAppetizer: We ordered the ribs. Easily some of the best ribs ever. House-smoked. Very flavorful.\n\nDinner: I ordered the scallops. EXCELLENT. Perfectly cooked with a sweet corn risotto. I ate every last bite.\nFB ordered the burger. It was easily one of the best burgers in CLE. \n\nAnother thing that I want to mention, and most people won't really care about this at all.... but I LOVE how all of the staff is allowed to be themselves at this restaurant. Bright orange hair, visible tattoos, whatever. You can tell that they all love their jobs and maybe one of the reasons for that is because they are allowed to express themselves. Sure, they were all wearing basically the same uniform, including red chucks (which I thought were adorable). And obviously, Hodge's is not the first\/only restaurant to allow their staff to show off their ink or colorful hair. I just wonder when the rest of America will get with it? \n\nBut anyway, I loved Hodge's. My only regrets were NOT ordering the lobster corn dogs and the \"fluffer nutter\" dessert. Next time!