I was less than impressed with the service at Club Chasse et Peche. I initially called twice and spoke to the Maitre D' about vegetarian options for me at the restaurant. Both times he sounded arrogant, unfriendly and seemed bothered that I was calling him. It didn't give me a good vibe but I figured perhaps he was busy or just having a couple of bad days. One thing it certainly did is that it didn't make me feel welcomed there at all.\n\nOnto the setting, our first impression of the restaurant itself was pleasant. It feels laid back, cozy and comfortable. As the name suggests, the setting gives you a feeling of exclusivity, privacy and while being high-end, not in the stuffy kind of way. This changed over the course of the evening as more and more of the older business crowd came in but that is to be expected on a Tuesday night.\n\n \nI'll start with the food as I have a lot less to say about that than the rest.. My entree was a polenta dish with mushrooms, onions and chestnuts. This was a very good dish. The polenta was perfectly done and the balance of flavors excellent. The onions were amazing.\n\nMy main dish was disappointing. It was a couscous salad with veggies and some parsley. It was quite under-seasoned which is unacceptable from a restaurant of this caliber. It felt like something they put together at the last minute and lacked creativity and it certainly was not worth $27. Now I understand this restaurant is called \"Chasse et Peche\" and isn't a bastion of vegetarian-friendly dishes but it is disappointing when you present a very simple request to a kitchen presumably full of talent and you are given a mediocre and weak dish as a result. It clearly lacked flavor , even salt, and I am amazed if it would pass any sort of taste test before leaving any kitchen, let alone one at a high-end restaurant like this.\n\nOnto to the service where clearly, it is not in line with the price we paid that night. I'll only give you one example out of 3-4 other small things I noticed throughout the night, in the name of saving time and space:\n\nAs soon as the waiter gave us the menus I told him I was vegetarian and he immediately pulled the menu off the table and disappeared for 5 minutes without saying why he left. He came back to take my wife's order and after said to me \"... and the gentleman here doesn't have a choice for tonight\" and left again. Even if the chef only offered him one choice it would have been nice to be told what I was going to eat and asked if this would be okay with me. Basic service and courtesy. These sort of things happened a handful of times during our dinner and while none of them were terrible, when I pay high-end prices I also expect high-end service to go with the food.\n\nWhich brings me to the prices.. I don't mind paying a lot if I receive a lot as well but in this case it was clearly overpriced to me given both food and service felt short. I get it, it's in Old Port and it's fancy, but charging $8 for a bottle of soda water is not just expensive, it's a rip-off. Many restaurants give you water for free. \n\nTo their credit, my wife's meal was pretty good even though the surf and turf was overpriced slightly, at least it was \"very good\" according to her.\n\nOverall I would give CCP a 3.75 star rating. On the plus side my wife's dinner was quite good and my appetizer was also good. However, it is hard to let go of under seasoned food and poor service when you pay these prices and for that reason the restaurant gets a \"meh\" from me and a very unlikely return customer. If you are vegetarian there are many better places who will give you an actual thought-out dish that will taste good and be creative and the staff won't make you feel like you are not welcomed.