Friday night, I went to Moxies for dinner and drinks with my gals.\nWe arrived around 8ish and we didn't make reservations so when they said it would be a 20 minute wait, we waited. Luckily, the wait was only 10 minutes.\n\nOur server was a pretty girl who instantly rubbed us the wrong way. When she approached us, she just didn't have a personable attitude and looked away and down while reading the specials. It didn't come across as her being nervous, but more so as if she was bored and sick of repeating herself. We just brushed the little attitude off.\n\nWe ordered a bottle of wine and she brought it to the table and took our orders. After ordering she asked if we had any allergies. My friend has a peanut allergy and she awkwardly held her hand out and said \"I'm going to have to check with the kitchen\". The hand out really threw us off because we weren't sure what she was reaching for. So each of us are confused \"Check with the kitchen for what?\" Her hand is still out and she's like \"I have to check with the kitchen to see if there's any peanuts\".  Again, we are confused by the hand because she was reaching it out over the table to my friend who had the peanut allergy. It looked like she was asking for the wine back. So, my friend asks \"There's peanuts in the wine?\" And the waitress said \"No, I'll ask if there's any in the food you ordered. I need the menus.\" So that's why her hand was out like that for the awkwardest 15 seconds ever.\n\nOur food came in a decent manner but when she brought out our appetizers she literally clanked the dishes down so hard it made us all jump and stop in the middle of our conversation. She also didn't apologize for the startle. When she was collecting everyone's empty plate, my dish was left on the table with food still on it. It was clear it was a lot of food but she never asked if I was still eating, if I needed it packed up or if everything was ok with my food. I had to ask her if I could get a container to take food home in.\n\nShe brought me the smallest container ever. I had 3 quesadilla's that I forced into this miniscule box that is most likely meant to carry home some fries. She also then gives me the biggest brown paper bag ever. This bag could have literally held knee high boots, it was that big.  I know I could have asked for a bigger box and smaller bag but if it didn't occur her to that what she was absurd, I just couldn't be bothered to explain at this point. \n\nI can understand not being in a great mood, but in general I just don't think she gave a rats a** about her job. It was very apparent she had no interest in taking care of the customers.\nNeedless to say she didn't get a good tip.