Although Antonio's looks a bit unassuming from the outside it is anything but on the inside. I wasn't expecting to dine in such a classy restaurant when we made reservations here. I was thinking it would be like Olive Garden it's in the Rio for Pete's sake, however I was very wrong and very impressed. \n\nThe dinning room is dimly lit, the ceilings are vaulted with crown molding and there are marble columns, a chandelier and a fake sky in the center of the room (it is after all Vegas!) We had a beautifully set table and the ornate armchairs added an extra aire of sophistication to our dinning experience. I did find the booths in the center of the dinning room a bit of an eye sore. Maybe they should do away with those and only have tables.\n\nOur waiter Antonio was the greatest waiter I've ever had. He was the epitome of an exceptional waiter . He was knowledgeable about the food and wine, he properly pronounced the names of the dishes. He was friendly and everything was perfect throughout the course of our meal. He was fairly handsome as well (at least I thought so)\n\nThe bread basket had an assortment of breads, my favorite was the olive roll. Only a few people at our table ordered Antipasti. I almost fainted when I saw the towering creamy onion soup appear in the bread bowl with its provolone crust. I can only imagine what the Lobster Bisque would have been like.  The baby spinach and pear salad with with crumbled Gorgonzola and candied orange walnuts also looked good.\n\nWhen we were placing our orders we were asking Antonio about making a slight substitution to a certain dish to accommodate a cheese allergy and he informed us that the chefs would prepare anything we would like any way we would like it even if it's not on the menu. I WAS IN LOVE! Any establishment that is willing to go over and beyond to satisfy patrons gets big points with me.\n\nI tasted my cousin's pan seared scallops with short rib and pancetta raviolis with a sage demi glaze reduction. I WAS IN LOVE! I also tasted my uncle's Ahi (which was one of the evening's specials) I ordered the Fettuccine with Rotisserie Chicken and pancetta and creamy wild mushrooms. The chicken was so delicious I can't recall when I was last impressed by a simple rotisserie chicken. The sauce was so delicious I wanted to marry my food!\n\nI know I'll be back to Antonio's...I can't stop thinking about the Risotto with Lobster with the white truffle Creme, the lobster bisque and of course our waiter Antonio... how funny... I just realized that our waiter at Antonio's was named Antonio! I enjoyed Antonio's and I enjoyed Antonio too ; )