We had done our research online, and knew this place was famous.  In fact, supposedly Anthony Bourdain drank here at least once.  Foodies and drink afficionados alike know this place, I mean, really KNOW this place.  Supposedly there's even a speakeasy room...could it get cooler than that?!\n\nPerhaps it was the fact that there was so much hype about this place, it could never possibly live up to its online reputation.  Or maybe it was the gin-heavy menu.  Maybe it was the fact that they were \"out\" of the only drink on the menu I wanted, or that the server obviously knew nothing about mixed drinks, only what was on the menu...and kept trying to steer me towards drinks that I knew I wouldn't like (\"No, really, I don't like gin...no, really!\").  But I felt that this was just a bar.  A nice bar, with soft lighting, polite staff, and a pleasant jazz combo of bass and piano.  But considering the $15 price tag on my mediocre chocolate martini (yes, I know, I too have read online that their soul dies just a little when they make one of these...but it was the only thing the server would let me order after I gave up trying to steer her off the main menu), it SHOULD be more than average nice.\n\nIt should be an AWE-INSPIRING chocolate martini.\n\nMy partner got a Bourbon Daisy and nearly had an orgasm.  Obviously he won't agree with my review.  He is actively trying to replicate this drink at home.  Sigh.  If only my drink had left my panties in a bunch, too.\n\nWe also ordered food:  the \"White-wine\" cheese platter (they were \"out\" of their red-wine platter).  It was just crackers and cheese a few dried cranberries, and some bland grapes the size of my head.  There was a cheddar (yawn), a fontina (tasty, surprisingly nutty, but didn't taste like any fontina I've ever had before or since...since the server couldn't pronounce it correctly, maybe she meant a different kind of cheese?), and a brie (delicious and salty, but a really anemic portion).  There were a few water crackers and nut\/rice crackers.  Yuck.  Maybe I'm unaware of some foodie code that the crackers with your cheese platter should suck, but the water crackers had no flavor, and the nut\/rice crackers had waaaay too much flavor...what's wrong with a nice plain wheat cracker?  Or a butter cracker??  Would that be so wrong?  Also, at $15, the cheese plate felt like it had an inflated price tag to match the prices on the drink menu.  I wouldn't order this again.\n\nWe also ordered a speck platter.  You know what I learned?  Speck is just a fancy term for \"food that looks, tastes, and smells just like undercooked bacon\".  Yes, yes, I know, it's cured pork belly.  But really, not so different from bacon!  That said, it could be addictive!  Again, though, for $15, it was just 8 small slabs on 8 mini breads that were so dense and overwhelming, it was hard to get the flavor of the meat, especially with the spicy brown mustard slathered on top.  I'm happy that I had the forethought to ask for the mustard on the side and apply it myself according to my taste buds.\n\nBoth platters had boring presentation, as though the food was just slapped on the plate.\n\nWhy am I being so critical?  Because it was pricey.  And given the hype, I was underwhelmed.  Maybe The Velvet Tango Room can't help that it's over-hyped.  But still, if you're going to charge the prices, you have to follow it up with something worth going back for!\n\nI'd also read online that there's a special VIP room, too, but apparently we're not special enough for it...supposedly you can go there if you respect a 2-drink minimum, but when we were initially sat at a table (yes, they sit you at a table...you don't get to choose your own place!) they never asked us if we wanted to be in there.  That's okay, because I wouldn't have ordered a 2nd drink after that first one.  Honestly, I think VIP rooms are pretentious, but if you're into that sort of thing....\n\nAll in all, I wouldn't go back here.  It wasn't a special experience for me.  Who knows, though, maybe my partner will be sneaking out to go here next time we're in town?