The customer dials a number. A disembodied voice says, \"Nunzio's, can you hold please?\". The customer endures a exquisitely protracted wait, places their order, and begins to wait again. After another magnificent length of time has passed, a pizza of perfect adequacy arrives at the front door. So where exactly do we find Nunzio's in all this?\n\nLike many pizza restaurants, Nunzio's enjoys a sort of nebulous physicality, defined by the binary relationship of the disembodied voice on the phone and the delivery person who ultimately arrives at the customer's door. Outside of this basic construct however, Nunzio's is something of an anomaly of the pizza world.\n\nNunzio's offers a breakdown of the traditional consumer\/business relationship that is usually reserved for ephemeral mega corporations. You call your wireless carrier or insurance provider and you are placed on hold, you are randomly disconnected, you are faced with monolithic indifference and dehumanization. You are not surprised by this. Yet you call Nunzio's for a pizza and are subjected to a similar experience. It is unsettling to encounter such faceless neglect at the hands of a such a small business.\n\nThis absurd neglect crystalizes in violent profundity when confronted with the abject horror of the physical store itself. Upon entering Nunzio's pizza, the customer is overwhelmed by a sense of aesthetic error. The lighting is a urinary, fluorescent yellow. There is a waiting area, separated from the kitchen by bulletproof glass, through which the pizza is reluctantly dispensed. The kitchen resembles a kitchen but little. There is an oven, and an assembly line of sorts, but there is also a strange over-abundance of space, as if the customer waiting area bled beneath the bulletproof glass. This space is usually occupied by mysteriously nonfunctional employees, silently sitting in folding chairs, staring into the void.\n\nThe problem is this: The aesthetic of Nunzio's is explicitly institutional. The experience is explicitly corporate. Defining characteristics of economic schemas have been liberated and shuffled about; it is a pizza shop that appears like a psychiatric ward. It is a small business with the chaos and disorder of a corporate bank. \n\nHow do we experience the essence of one place in another?  What does this essential transmutability tell us about Place itself in the 21st century?\n\nNunzio's is selling Pizza, but they're offering void, a glimpse behind the veil of capital. We have established essence as a commodity-element so effectively that essence has become a commodity in and of itself. If a business can't afford its own sense of Place it becomes overwhelmed by the spirit of other Places. In the same way that the waiting area bleeds into the kitchen, the spirit of the institution has bled into Nunzio's. It is a zone of dissolving borders; it is haunted. \n\nAnother way to look at the phenomenon of Nunzio's is to say, \"When I consume an energy drink, choosing Red Bull over say, a Monster, I realize that both drinks are basically the same thing: carbonated water, sweetener, caffeine, taurine, B vitamins, artificial flavoring, etc.\" Yet there is a higher order at work in the commodity of Red Bull itself, something more than just the beverage that I am buying. There is a spiritual or metaphysical quality to a can of Red Bull which attracts me. Commodity has been granted both a body and a spirit, in the same way that we allow for ourselves a body and a spirit. This intangible quality is conspicuously absent in a Nunzio's pizza.\n\nSo what do we do when confronted with a soulless commodity? Because of its abstracted physicality Nunzio's soullessness oft goes unnoticed. Under the delivery model, Nunzio's is soulless in the way that the wind is mindless. Over the phone, we have no physical form towards which we might ascribe even the conditions required for a spirit- loin des yeux, loin du couer. It is only during our brutal encounter with the physical store that the consumer is forced to observe the organizing and generative power of the product-soul through its precise absence.\n\nSo what then is the relationship between my Self and my Pizza? Is the Spiritual Pizza a sort of tulpa, willed into existence by the tenets of dogmatic mystical consumerism? Does my belief in the sublimated Pizza-Soul create the sublimated Pizza-Soul? Or has the Spirit of the Pizza taken on a life of its own, functioning independently of consumer interface? In the shadow of Nunzio's, one might imagine a postapocalyptic world. The people are dead. Their spirits have disintegrated, and the world is filled with a vast silence. Yet the smoke stained, blood-red sky is filled with the swooping forms of pizza ghosts... \n\nIn 2016, Nunzio's persists as one of the last known bastions of soulless commodity; to order a pizza from Nunzio's is to order a pure object... Enjoy!