Ok, so I have been shouting from the rooftop how much I loved this place for 3 months now. I am renovating a condo. I bought all of my granite and interior doors there with no issues. I purchased a sliding glass door yesterday over the phone and sent my contractor and a helper to pick it up this morning. When it arrived I noticed that it had clearly been installed and returned. Screen was bent and had grease and chipped painted on it. The slider it self was also a mess. The frame has no less than 40 holes drilled into it. I called and spoke to the manager and was met with much resistance. He insisted it was brand new and it must have been dust from static. After a five minute argument he finally offered me to take it back and he would refund my money. Thanks. I explained to him that I paid two people to pick it up and now he wanted me to pay two people to turn around and take it back.  I explained that wasn't going to fly with me. At this point he offered to order a new slider and would deliver it when it came in. Cool. But this is where I get bent out of shape. I was asked to keep the used slider safe until the delivery of the one. I decided to pay for my contractor and his helper to take it back to the Window Depot. When they arrived the workers who received the slider told my contractor this was the third time they tried to re-sell the slider and it was returned. That's adorable. I called and spoke to John the general manager again and informed him of what I learned. His response was unsatisfactory at best. Basically said , not true. I explained that I ran around telling everyone how great they were for three months , attaching my good name to them, only to find out they tried to deceive me and a couple people before me. Moral of the story, check your sh*t before you leave and don't put up with BS. I still may get Windows from them in the future but will be meticulous during my inspection of the goods.  PS, I only yelp when I have a great experience and want to let people know. If its bad I will call\/email directly. This situation was the exception. I did not feel good about my conversation with general manager before or after I spoke with him.