STAY AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY! DO NOT MAKE THE BIGGEST MISTAKE IN YOUR LIFE TO GET HUMILIATED BY THEIR RUDENESS FOR THE SAKE OF SOME TINY TICKET DISCOUNTS! DO NOT RUIN YOUR TRIP AND MOOD IN THAT COMPANY!\n\nI have to inform you that my experience in the GeoHoliday timeShare presentation was one of the worst experiences of my life and I rate Mr. Jonathan's behavior as a humiliating, embarrassing misconduct. The story is as the following:\n\nWe talked to the phillipino guy as the first presenter. His behavior was somehow O.K. After a while, he asked Jonathan to join us. I assume he was the higher ranking person there. That was the time that the humiliating discussion started. Jonathan was pushing us to accept whatever he was claiming. He did NOT show any kind of respect to other people's point of view and his reaction was so humiliating such that he thought he was the only wise guy on that table. The misconducting incidents are listed below:\n\n1. As the concierge offered me to go to Las Vegas to get some information about GeoHoliday again to advertise it between my friends in Texas, I said such a thing to the phillipino guy and he responded in a humiliating way that \"this is ridiculous and who did you talk to?\". I said I talked to the concierge and he responded \"it is not true and you have to say at the end that you buy or do not buy timeshare\", which was not our primary goal to go on this presentation.\n \n2. The presenters were so self-centered and did not consider any respect to the opposite ideas.  \n\n3. At the end, I asked them to give us more time to think and explore their resorts in the booklet that they had presented to us. The following happened: \n\nFirst, They were going forward and backward to distract us and not let us think clearly about what we were doing. It was like they were cheating us and forcing us to do something that was not beneficial to us and I got so suspicious about their resorts.\n\nSecond, at the end, I decided to take a copy of the booklet to investigate the resorts online more. When I asked a copy of that from Jonathan, he started laughing and in a very humiliating and loud tone, he said he would give us a copy of that booklet to go through all of the resorts and explore it and then he asked his phillipino co-worker to kick us out of there. (well.. it did not happen! ... But, he SAID SO!)\n\n5. When Jonathan left the table, my girlfriend tried to talk to him that this behavior was so rude and ridiculous. She found him walking around and started talking to him. But, he just raised his voice and in a disgusting way, he said \"Stop talking and get out of here\". \n\n6. Then, we went to the gift office. My girlfriend started complaining about Jonathan's behavior. But, she could not stop herself from crying. After that, I decided to file this as a harassing misconduct to the Police (911) and after half an hour the Police arrived and filed this event. You can get more information from The Las Vegas Police Office.\n\nThe higher ranking manager (as far as I got) came to us and claimed that Jonathan is suspended for a while. But, I still believe that this will not happen and he will continue his job in harassing others sooner or later. \n\nNext, we had gone to the GeoHoliday office by their shuttle. It was the GeoHolidays' most irresponsibility not to return us with shuttle on time as it took us around 1 hour to wait in the cold temperature for the shuttle. Our Sunday was ruined totally. It took our time from 8:30 AM to 2:30 PM (6 Hours) to accomplish this hard time.\n     \nOverall. GeoHoliday ruined our whole trip because even after a couple of days, I still feel so bad and my and my girlfriend's feelings are injured. We are so dissatisfied with this company and humiliated by them.