Heaven forbid I blaspheme in the House of Symon but here it is: B Spot was just ok and I don't plan to go back. Why for? I'll tell you:\n\nService was friendly but a bit cool. For a beer list that extensive and upon inquiry to be greeted with, \"Oh...I *never* drink beer\" by the bartender... come on. She gave me samples but that's so tedious. At least be able to BS your way through the beer questions. If I'm asking beer questions you're a bartender first, server second.\n\nMy cheeseburger was the size of my palm (not including the fingers) and was a la carte, for $7. It was decent as burgers go but nothing to write a five star review about. I asked for a side salad which was a small diner bowl of finely-chopped hearts of romaine, three tiny half cherry tomatoes and some thin cucumber slices tossed in lemon vinaigrette for $6. It wasn't until there was time to let my eyes wander that I saw it. A rule sheet. For a casual restaurant. \n\nIt is basically a list of do-nots and judgments that Symon and crew put upon their patrons. No coursing because they want the kitchen to run smoothly (what restaurant in the world, let alone one run by a star chef, blames coursing on screwing up the kitchen?), no adding ingredients though taking away is allowed (this is typically ok but you're a freaking burger joint. Sometimes people want grilled onions), no \"whining\" about how long it takes to sit down, no name-dropping (ok, fair enough, I hated it when people did that), no expecting your burger done any other way than what you tell them (kitchen: absolved and heaven forbid that's well done), but finally, have a great time!\n\nHave we come into a time in the world when restaurants can be so cheeky and in love with themselves that patrons are given a list of commands before even ordering their food? In a five-star restaurant, maybe. In a burger and beer joint? Wow. Balls.\n\nIf I loved the burger, I don't think I'd go back simply because of the attitude. It's tacky, diners, whether you realize it or not, and you shouldn't be spoken down to because you're the one spending the money and you're the livelihood. That doesn't mean you're always right but it DEFINITELY doesn't mean you're always wrong.