This is going to be a long review because I had the most interesting experience here! To start off I found this place from Yelp and just needed a place to get my S4 LCD screen replaced and it had good reviews so thought I'd go check it out. I went to the location where Slava was working at and although he was fixing another customer's phone he quotes me on how much it would cost to replace my screen, it was more than I thought it would be but still affordable and he said it would take about 20mins which was good because I was tight on time. When he got to my phone, I also asked if he can replace my volume button because it was dented. 20mins later he replaced my screen and the volume button and put a new screen protector on my phone, it looked good as new. Slava also said the repair comes with a 1-year warranty in case anything happens that's not a physical damage which is assuring to me. I left and few hours later when I tried to charge my phone I realized it wasn't charging and I started panicking, I went home and tried a different charger and still gives me the message (Charging paused, battery temperature too low). Of course I was worried because I needed my phone for the night. I then called them and ask when they are closing and rushed back to the store just in time before they closed. Slava quickly attempt to fix the charging port of my phone, although he was suppose to close he stayed to help me with my phone, when the owner of the shop said he had to leave Slava took me to his brother's store (Another Uphill Wireless at 670 Yonge Street) to see if he had a charging port that can help me with my problem. \nWhen I got to Dmitriy's store, he was about to close too but helped me with my phone problem anyways, in the end he was able to find a charging port for my phone and fixed the battery charging issue, although I had to pay for the replaced parts I was grateful and happy that they did all they can to help me even though it was after closing time. \nThey are both very reliable brothers that want to help you with your phone! \nBut after my charging problem was fixed, my touchscreen was laggy or it freezes, I was going to go back today to get it checked out but it seems to work fine now but will update the review if I do need to go back about the freezing problem.\n\nOverall this is the place to go if you have a cracked screen or need new parts for your phone. :)\n\nThanks so much for all your help!