I would like to accept my Yelpie Award for \"most fun had by some local and thankful teachers.\" We will give our speech later. Anywho, what an amazing event! Yelpies rock. Congrats to the winners. I am pretty amazed by them. 500 reviews in one year? Say WAAAAAA????????? Wow! Two of my nominees won but no secret there. My UYE Queen and Funny guy are well know among us Elites. \n\nSo, I had been to High Street once before when my brother was in town. However, it was literally just to park, walk in and eat, walk back out to car and then leave. That restaurant is no longer there and other cool places have gone in since. I really had been wanting to go back because it looked so awesome. I love the outside cobble stone street, entertainment concept. I was so glad I was able to score an invite to this event and enjoy the evening with my Yelpies. \n\nIt was really fun and a different way to celebrate local businesses. And boy did these businesses roll out the red carpet to us. We had a YELP style scavenger hunt. There were 12 places playing on the ticket with a challenge to visit at least ten for a chance to get in the raffle. These businesses had swag, discounts, drinks, and or food for us to try. What a great way to get to know all the businesses on High Street. Speaking of the places, they sure are eclectic. Spas with bars, Pizza, bars, crafts, gym, restaurants, yogurt, and one of the funniest, coolest, unique shops I have ever been to. They sell towels, socks, shirts, fun household items with a bit of funny and naughty. \n\nI absolutely loved the old VW camper that was a photo booth. That was crazy fun. My pics came out real good. The DJ was very nice and played great tunes. Rubio's, Power Crunch, and Yelp Swag greeted us at check in. What more can I ask for? Well, maybe another flight of that Blueberry Wheat beer at Growlers. OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\n\nHailey is gorgeous! She is her always, usual awesome self, soon to be Mom!!!!! Thanks for the invite and to all your team helpers. You spoil us. \n\nThe raffle was great. I did not win. My plus one had her name drawn but she was not there. That's A-Okay. The invite is the lottery Raffle to me and seeing my friends. We all had so much fun the raffles are just an added treat. \n\nHey, High Street. Keep it on the down low (Okay bad joke) but you know we will be coming back real soon. Later!