This is by FAR my favorite breakfast place in Scottsdale. The management and staff (Chris, Danny, Jessica and a lovely server Jane ) go above and beyond to make me feel like my business is appreciated! They knew me by name by the third time i went in there. Food literally takes 3-5 minutes to come out, and its always fresh and SO yummy. I always get the same thing, but have tried almost the entire menu. Space is clean, inside and outside seating available. Love love love this place. BEST OMELETS EVER! My husband and I are regulars, we go about twice a week. Great, great place. I can't brag enough!\n\n**edited for a few notes- I've noticed people giving 1,2 and 3 star reviews for not being able to get in and seated WHEN they wanted to. This is Scottsdale, people! You can't walk in ANYWHERE on the weekends and expect to get seated in less than an hour. It's a smaller restaurant, and they do a killer job at getting people sat as soon as possible, without making the diners feel rushed. People also complained about not having the option for flavored creams- I am a breakfast PROFESSIONAL! (in my opinion. I just love breakfast food!) VERY FEW breakfast places offer flavored cream. If you're looking for a specialty coffee ,walk next door to the Village Coffee or go up the road to Starbucks. Giving a 2 or 3 star review for experience because you couldn't get french vanilla cream? Get over yourself. Servers offer flavored lattes if you don't like drip coffee (which theirs is local, and delicious). One guy gave a 1 star review because he just couldn't believe that it wasn't organic. THEY DON'T PRETEND TO BE ORGANIC. How many places can you go and find all organic, all natural food? You want to be that picky? Stay home, jerk. Another guy was mad they didn't have free coffee at the front. Again, where can you go and get a free drink just because you're waiting? Isn't a line a good sign a restaurant? READING THESE NEGATIVE REVIEWS ABSOLUTELY INFURIATES ME. A bunch of closed-minded jackasses looking for a handout**