The last thing this neighborhood needed was another greasy spoon breakfast place! *eye roll* No offense to those businesses, since there's a time, a place and obviously a market for that but my preference is now gravitating towards high quality, organic foods. I am a follower of the paleo diet, so CRAFTkitchen is one of the few options I have to find my type of food. To quote Jim Rohn, \"Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live.\" I'm a firm believer in that.\n\nThank you Jaret Blinn for answering my prayers and putting this gem and welcome addition to the neighborhood near me. I now have a favorite brunch place that I can take all my friends to. I'm not just saying that because of the bottomless mimosas on weekends, although they certainly don't hurt matters either. *wink wink* \n\nI love that they have gluten free options on their menu. I have a lot of gluten intolerant friends actually, so I take that into account when selecting restaurants. All of their ingredients are farm fresh and the presentation is just like you would expect from the fanciest of restaurants. \n\nIt's always super packed as of late and I worry it's just going to get worse as more and more people discover it because of all these great reviews they have. The modern contemporary meets industrial chic decor is definitely cool, it could stand to be a bit more comfy, but then that would also cause longer wait times, since people would be more prone to stay longer. I know how it works. I get it! That's just a lil gripe because I do like a bit of padding for my derriere when I sit down. Haha! \n\nI do wish they'd make room for more tables (or make better use of the space). The long table across from the coffee bar is a nice place to wait to be seated but if they made that useable space, then maybe there wouldn't have to be as long of a wait, since people would be seated somewhere to get their orders going. Just a thought. That's my only suggestion. Other than that, they are on the right track. It's so cool to have been a customer since the beginning and watch their success grow. :)