Going off the overall emotional and visceral reaction, I'd give it the highest rating on this little scale of ours. After taking an objective approach and considering some of the flaws, I think four stars will more than suffice.\n\nMariscos Playa Escondida is literally a \"hidden\" gem, or hidden beach if you know enough Spanish to translate its name. It's in a nondescript strip mall on the northeast corner of Maryland and Charleston, and most visitors definitely would grant it hole-in-the-wall status if they should dare to venture to this slightly sketchier area of town. My friends and I have been doing dinner on Thursday nights recently and our chooser of the week served up this highly-rated and surprisingly not-very-busy spot.\n\nWe started off with heretofore unfamiliar beer \"cocktails\" from their drinks menu, specifically the Preparadas section. These reminded me of Bloody Marys, but I don't like Bloody Marys; in contrast, I actually enjoyed my Buen Dia ($7.50), a tall pint of your choice of beer mixed with tomato juice and other ingredients, along with a lone fresh oyster at the bottom and garnishes of shrimp and cucumber slices. There was an overall salty character and the bitterness of the beer was drowned out.\n\nOne of my friends got an Aterdecer ($9.50), which is another Preparada and has what were described as spicy oysters... yeah, riiight. A more apt description would be napalm oysters. I ended up with the 3rd and final oyster after he gamely took down two, and I learned why he was so eager to offer it up. It set my tongue on fire and kept it ablaze for several minutes. If you're into that kind of thing, then this is what you want. If not, then stay the burning heck away.\n\nComplimentary tortilla chips and relatively medium tomato-based salsa were provided. The chips come out warm and crunchy and the salsa was the typical accompaniment. Another good option is guacamole ($3 for a small, $6 for a large), and our small bowl was shared among four people just fine (disclaimer: we had already eaten some snacks, enjoyed some relatively filling drinks, and been victimized by palate-numbing bites). It was a good guacamole, and it contained tomatoes but didn't taste much if at all of lime.\n\nI was my typical indecisive self when it came time to pick an entree, but following the employee's guided questions and eventual suggestion, I grabbed the individual-sized portion of the Parillada de Mariscos ($21.99, includes 3 tortillas; unsure of English translation ), which is a grilled mixed seafood plate. Shrimp, real crab, fake crab, bay scallops, diced octopus, fish, and even abalone were all present on a metal and wood plate. This is not a sauced dish, but they must have used a great dry rub before grilling. All of the proteins were delicious, and the Mexican green onion garnish was surprisingly intriguing. The sides of not-so-plain white rice, refried beans (with some cheese), and salad were also tasty and useful (more on this shortly).\n\nAlas, I couldn't overlook some of my observations. Most notably, the salt variation was too much; the cut of fish was underseasoned, whereas most of the rest of the items veered toward the high end of the salty scale. Yes, liberal usage of the sides and the tortillas helps, but it becomes too much eventually. I loved the thickest parts of the crab legs and the claw, but the exposed and thinner parts of the crab legs ended up falling apart and becoming too dry. Smaller bits of seafood didn't come out perfectly either. On that note, they really could've utilized larger shrimp. Those can't be that much more expensive and simply have higher potential.\n\nMy favorite bite of the night was actually the namesake of a friend's Carnitas plate. What a marvelously fatty and tender bite of pork that was! I also liked the savory broth in the cheese-topped Seafood Molcajete and the more briny broth of a seafood soup enough that I would consider trying those on a return visit after I get some of those carnitas.\n\nI didn't pay that much attention to the costs of my friends' entrees, but they were lower in price than mine. Two of them also didn't have to worry; as a result of not-having-awful-luck, I won a credit card roulette game (in other words, the host\/server chose his card out of a random draw) and resultingly wasn't on the hook for any of what we got. I think the victim had actually proposed this draw, so big props to him for tonight.\n\nMariscos Playa Escondida isn't perfect, but it's well worth your while if you want great Mexican seafood, with at least one awesome terrestrial meat to boot. I will strive to return for carnitas and for further menu exploration.