I've lived in the Phoenix area pretty much my whole life, but I'll freely admit I don't make it out to Mesa that often.  In fact I'm pretty sure this is my first Mesa business review on Yelp (go ahead Mesa residents, let me have it).  But leave it to Norm R and Tigra C of the Phoenix area Yelp Veg-Curious UYE crew to go outside the box and find a vegetarian friendly spot to lure me near Downtown Mesa.  I've been to a number of valley vegetarian friendly spots with an Asian tilt that I really enjoyed (Vegan House & Veggie Village to name a few), so I was fairly optimistic about this place going in.  So how did my first true in-depth culinary experience in Mesa go?\n\nWhen I first walked in, I was a little confused by the setup for a number of reasons.  First thing I noticed was that an office desk was right out in the middle of the restaurant and was populated by enough paperwork and equipment such that it really did appear to be the makeshift office for the owners.  There was also a full sized ladder taking up space in between a pair of tables along the wall.  Additionally the menu that the business advertises on their website is actually just one of two menus they have available.  There's a vegan\/vegetarian menu that they call their \"American\" menu (although that menu has plenty of Asian classics to choose from), and then there's an entirely separate menu which serves Vietnamese items (both vegetarian and non-vegetarian, though the menu descriptions don't always make that clear).  The additional menu sent me into a little bit of a scramble mode as I suddenly found myself studying over what looked like more than 100 Vietnamese menu item choices in addition to the regular menu.\n\nWhile the Vietnamese items looked tempting, I decided to stick with the items they originally advertised on their regular menu.  For starters, I went with their King Egg Rolls.  3 egg rolls filled with carrots, taro root, bean thread, tofu, onions, and yellow bean served with sweet and sour sauce.  I'm thinking this was meant to mimic the flavor of king crab.  The filling certainly had the texture of crab, though not quite the flavor.  The dipping sauce was also a little unusual in that it was thinner and milder than most sweet & sour sauces I've had, but pretty decent.  For my entree I settled on the Pad Thai.  Rice noodles with tofu, bean sprouts, green onions, shredded carrots and ground peanuts.  In an unexpected twist they also doused it with peppers (though the menu didn't advertise that fact).  As a result, the Pad Thai was pretty spicy.  Not overwhelmingly so, but enough to where I needed H2O to cool my mouth pretty frequently.  I would've preferred the spice level to be a little more subtle to be honest, and the flavoring in the noodles were a little flat to me.  I liked the tofu chunks and the other veggies, but overall not one of the better Pad Thais I've had.  For dessert I asked for the banana egg rolls with ice cream.  At first, I asked for coconut ice cream with the rolls.  The waiter came back and said they only had mint ice cream.  Okay, let's go with that.  Waiter comes back a minute later and says they don't have any ice cream at all.  Sigh.  Alright just the egg rolls.  The four dessert egg rolls came out piping hot and covered in chocolate sauce.  These were delish, with a good mix of sweet and crunch.  But boy I'll bet these really would've gone nicely with some of that coconut ice cream.  Bummer.\n\nTotal cost for the food, tax, and tip came to $27.  I was plenty full from the meal and the service we got was very friendly, though the execution was a bit clumsy.  Between giving me misinformation on the ice cream, to misplacing the Pho spoons for the table, to accidentally bringing a meat Pho to one of our group members (instead of the vegetarian Pho she'd asked for), there's room for improvement on the service side.  I'd give my experience 3 stars, but just barely.  Sorry Mesa, my first deep dive into a local restaurant didn't go quite as I'd hoped.  I've recently put other Mesa restaurants on my Bookmarks list to go explore in the near future, so this won't be my only glance at the city's culinary scene.  But Green Lotus probably won't be on my list of local haunts to revisit anytime soon.