Move along, nothing to see or eat here....\nI was in the area of the Hard Rock hotel in Las Vegas today and today was the day to try out Papaya King for hot dogs and the highly touted Papaya drinks. Oh cool, the \"King Combo\" has two dogs, curly fries and a drink for $9. Well I order and the guy taking the order is new and doesn't quite know the menu, I order the king combo and he asks me which one that is from the picture menu, I point it out and get one hot dog with the sour kraut and one with some kind of tomato topping, then it come with curly fries and a drink, I order the standard papaya drink because it sounds different and I had to see what it was all about, then I step aside and wait for my order. \nSome lady was behind me in line and orders food too and a few minutes later a tray with two hot dogs, that looks like what I ordered comes out to the counter and so does fries and a drink. The lady serving the food doesn't call out a number or name, just puts the tray out for someone to get. Well without me knowing the lady that ordered after me grabs the tray and is off. I'm thinking that sure looked like what I ordered, but I'm not sure.\nThen, I'm thinking my food was swiped out from under me! Soon I hear, whos drink is this? (Mango), well sure enough the lady took my papaya drink and my food and was already sitting down and eating it. Then they ask me what my order was and I said, \"it looks like that lady is eating it\". They are like duuuuh???? and ask me if I ordered the mango drink, I said \"no, that lady is drinking it, I ordered the papaya\" again a look off duuuuh?\nWell they finally realize that my order was being comsumed by someone else and I finally get me food. I find a seat and the overall experience is not too good. There is nothing special here and as some of the other reviewers were saying they liked the hot dogs because they had a \"snap\" to them when they took a bite, well sure enough one of the two dogs did have a noticeable \"snap\", but am I lucky or what? it's just a rubber hot dog and nothing really outstanding. The curly fries are the same machine extruded ones you can get at the Checkers on the same corner lot. The great papaya drink tastes like the remnants of a watered down orange julius and is not all that. \nI also saw 3 people in a group order some food with different topping and the workers behind the counter didn't label the foil wrappers, so this group of 3 diners had to ask which is which and the counter people had to unwrap each one to take a peek inside because they didn't know either, the wrappers are not marked as to what toppings are inside.\nI'm suprised that they didn't have a system down for all that since the place has been open or a while know. I hope the hot dog gods will have mercy on these workers there since I am sure one day they will have a large group of tourists arrive and I am sure they will fail in a big way because they don't have a basic system in place to run the business properly.\nThe hype has been revealed and I don't like the food there and it's nothing to make a specail trip for.\nThe beautiful neon sign that I see every night when I go home from work is the only redeeeming offering from this glorified hot dog cart.\nMove along folks, nothing to eat here, move along.