I use to frequent this location almost once a week which made me a regular. I go to West Charleston campus so this was my go to. \n\nMy gripe isn't the food but the service and management. So I ordered Beef Noodle Soup, which only a few minutes soon after, I grabbed the waitress's attention and requested my order to be substituted with wide noodles. Keep in mind, the food did not hit my table yet. The waitress said that it's already made (as in the kitchen) so my request had to be declined. \n\nI'm never the one to feel entitled, I'm super understanding, and try to find a middle ground. Rather, she chose to shove this deal breaker to me. As this bowl of soup and noodles is skated onto my table, I'm just looking at my order as if it was forced upon me. I wasn't pleased as a customer, it wasn't the exact order which I had asked for, but yet, I'm expected to not only pay, but also eat it in misery. Out of all places, I chose Noodle Pot. And yet, this is how they chose to treat a regular. If they were smart about their business, with just a small accommodation, they could of made money on the ROI. As I continuously kept returning, especially with friends and family.\n\nLong story short, I told the waitress\/cashier lady that I don't think it's right to charge me for something I didn't eat. I initially was going to pay for my order but I pulled my card out because it didn't sit right with me. I said I didn't eat it because it is not what I requested as an order. She blamed me for not requesting wide noodles from the get go. She said she would modify my order and ring me up a new order as long as I paid for the first order. So essentially, she wanted me to pay for two orders. These bowls are $13 each. And I know they're also expecting a tip. She said she was the supervisor and I asked to speak to someone above her. \n\nI was handed the phone with the manager to come to a resolution. As I'm explaining to the manager over the phone, he tells me that the waitress said that I've already ate the food. The phone was passed back and forth as they're speaking in Chinese and I'm explaining over the phone to the manager in English. Furious and frustrated, I told him that I'm not paying, and with that said, that I won't return back. The manager said and I quote, \"yeah don't comeback, we don't want people like you, but you still have to pay\". I wasn't going to leave cheated and hungry. And I didn't really want to simply walk out because it is not right. But I did coz i don't hand over my money to bad servicing cheaters.