I average about 8 trip to Vegas per year and I have never bothered to write a review on my visits. This last trip, we went to the grand opening of Light at the Mandalay Bay. As I sit here and think about my review, an important thing comes to mind:\n\nYour experience at a nightclub like this is probably highly correlated to whether or not you had table service or paid general admission. I'm not trying to be an elitist asshole (said the Yelp Elite) but I've been there: You're in high (HIGH) heels, there's NO PLACE to sit, a small squat on the speakers and the bouncers are already flashing lights at you, the dance floor is CRAMMED and the VIP dudes keep pushing you in because you are invading the bottle-service space. Talk about feeling like a second-class citizen.\n\nThen there's the \"bros\" with the bottle service booth by the stage. Dancing on the couch, sitting whenever they feel like it, random bitches showing up and grinding up on you (for the price of all the liquor you purchased), photographers snapping your picture, random dudes hi-fiving you and the sucking up of every single manager, server and employee there. What a life.\n\nRegardless on what side of the fence (VIP rope) you are, I still want to give Light the props that it deserves. They went all out on their opening night. The circ du soleil style was very much present in the gogo-dancers, random-creepy-costume people walking around the dance floor, bottles area and general seating and the arealist performers. They had ring acrobats, silk acrobats, people climbing up\/down the walls (literally) and a tinted screen where, when illuminated, showed tons of dancers on trampolines doing tricks. Zedd was there rocking out and his before\/after DJ was also quite good for an all EDM night.\n\nIn terms of set up and decor, they have 3 floors with balconies so you can see the main stage from almost everywhere. The ceiling and main wall is filled with flat-screens displaying different abstract things and giving it a very trippy experience. It was one of the biggest clubs without a pool\/outdoor area, almost like a renewed version of Rain (which used to be THE club).\n\nFor a Grand Opening, I thought it was fabulous. Do I expect it to be as good on a regular night? No. Would I go had I had to stand in line like the people I saw (literally around the freaking casino)? No. But that's just me. Clubbin is fun and all, but not when you get treated like shit just to get into somewhere.