Just got home after leaving this Salon in TEARS and a BALD SPOT!\n\nThis was my first time here at this Salon and it was the worst experience EVER! I had my appointment with Christine (ombré specialist). She was really nice and personable. I think overall she should have listened and payed closer attention my procedure. She sat me for a consultation and I told her what I had wanted. A cut, an ombré, and she unsold me to get a deep conditioning treatment. \n\nDuring the deep conditioning treatment she placed me under a dryer while she tend to another customer. Her counterpart Keisha took me off the dryer to rinse off the treatment as she saw that I had been sitting there for a while. Them Christine came back to me and finishes the cut and style. I was not happy with the color. She mentioned that \"she forgot\" about the cut so that is why the ombré didn't show as well as it did. I'm not one to cause a fit so I figure it's fine. \n\nSo we wrap up cut and style and payed $300. When I get in my car under natural lighting there it was!!! A bald spot the size of a quarter!! And a ton of hair dye product that lined my scalp!!! So I went back in the Salon and the nice gentleman who was manning the reception desk went to get immediately. \nI was in TEARS and could not hold it back. This is a horrific experience for anyone to go through. I asked her did you not see all the color residue that lined my scalp?! It was then she started to clean it up. She saw I was quite upset crying and she tried to tell me that the residue is bringing attention to what looks like a bald spot! I started to cry even more as I explained that I look myself everyday and this bald spot at the front of my forehead was never there!! I told her that when I came in at 11 am with my hair in a ponytail this bald spot was not here!! Then she says that the best they can do is refunds money and that next time she'll comp me a deep conditioning treatment. The same treatment she kept me under the dryer that I truly believe caused the bald spot!!! \n\nShe forgot about me and her colleague had to intervene to assist me as she was multi tasking. I told Christine that the refund CANNOT fix my bald spot! I am so stressed, concerned if my hair will grow back in this area, how long it will take, and if its  reversible. I sat there crying quietly talking with her as I did not want to cause a scene as there were other patrons there. This was totally preventable. I would pay ten times what I paid to not have gone to this salon today.