My roommate and I were so heated  over how much this bar just sucked ass that I got on my phone and opened my Yelp account for the first time in a long time to write this review. \n\nMy roommate and I both stopped in here to get a bite to eat. We arrived around 2:45am and sat at the bar. The bartender Richard was busy pouring beers for a group (assuming a birthday was going on cause I kept hearing \"OMG happy birthday!\" Countless times over at the group) so he didn't greet us for 5-10 mins until he was at his POS machine and looked up saying \"I'll be right with you guys\". Meanwhile my roommate decided to go ahead and play some blackjack. He's a pretty big gambler so I knew it was gonna be a lot. \n\n2 mins later he walked up asked us what we would like to drink and my roommate just wanted a water and a classic burger that was $4.50 and I got a Monster energy that was probably $3.50-4 and a beef Philly that was $9.50. Food arrived about 15-20 mins later and my Philly was extremely dry not even the mayo I asked for in it could help it. The fries were good and my roommate said his burger was good. After we were done eating our food my roommate was gambling to whole time and already put in $250+ in the machine needless to say he was also getting upset because the machine was just not busting. The bartender came up and gave us our bill to our surprise and on it was my philly and my roommates $4.50 burger. \n\nMy roommate got heated. In all of our years going to bars we have never had a bartender give us a ticket for a $5 item after we gambled hundreds of dollars.\nMost places don't charge us a cent because of the amount he gambles or whenever I gamble as well.\nYou just don't do that it's insulting to the guest especially when he lost his ass off. \n\nMy roommate then asked the bartender if they didn't comp food and the bartender then took the ticket back and changed it real quick to just my philly on it. I was okay paying for that because I didn't gamble at all but the ONLY reason why I tipped him was because he took my monster off. \nMaybe it's because we didn't order alcohol and he assumed we wouldn't know any better and just thought that we thought only drinks could be comped when you gamble. \nWell that was a BAD move on his part because what he didn't know was both my roommate and I are seasoned gambling bartenders with years of experience and if he would of just comped our whole bill he would of had an easy $20 tip headed his way instead of the $3 I gave him. Even better we would of came back. \n\nBut now because of this horrible service we won't be coming back. We will take our money elsewhere. Better to use some Comps and explain to a manager then to explain to a guest and lose that guest. Especially gamblers! \n\nThe only reason why I would consider coming back and giving this place 2 stars instead of the 1 star it does deserve because of our night was because I happened to stop in here the other morning with my other roommate for some breakfast and a beer and the morning bartender Jamie was awesome! Fun to talk to, comped my beer and food and made sure we were happy the entire time. If I do come back it will be when she works.