We went to the San Tan VW dealership to look at a used white 2010 Honda Civic on 2\/6\/14. 19 year old George worked with us on test driving the Honda, gave us the vehicle background (lie) and stated it had never been in an accident, wreck, the car fax was clean, and that an old couple traded in the car 2 weeks prior to George for a VW Passat and only used it for groceries; turns out these were ALL lies. After the test drive we sit down to discuss financing where George shows us some monthly payment options and states that no interest rate was included in the rate (turns out standard interest rate is always included in a quote), then after a bad feeling with all of George's stories I contacted a friend to do quick research on the vehicle searching by vin #. Turns out George had lied about almost everything, the car had been in a wreck, airbag deployed, among other mechanical issues, the vehicle was sold at auction to a Honda dealer that San Tan VW owns, not brought in by an old couple and traded for a VW. Once I confronted George about the facts, he turned bright red, ran to his manager (guy with glasses) and came back with the car fax and another story about how the Honda dealer that purchased the vehicle at auction had not informed anyone about the wreck. I was infuriated with George and his manager for lying for over an hour as well as wasting my time, not to mention that he lied about the car fax, the story behind the vehicle, and put my girl's life in danger by almost selling an unfit vehicle, just to make $150 and get it off the lot. To make matters even worse, George called my cell phone on Friday trying to explain his reasoning for lying, I wanted nothing to do with him so I hung up. Then, he sends me a text message \"I just wanted to let you know that I really didn't know it had a bad carfax...I did lie about the previous owner however only because I sold 2 cars yesterday and if I would've sold 3 I would've made $150 so I chose to lie and I sincerely apologize even if it means nothing to you. What I was also going to say was I'd like to personally fill up your gas tank out of my pocket and then you never have to hear or see me again. I'm really not a bad person even you think that.\"  There are so many things wrong with this whole situation; lying, harassment, justification for misleading someone, all for $150, and being that this kid is 19 years old, it speaks volumes about his training and the company he works for. This experience gives credibility to the horrible stigma that all car salesmen are thieves and liars, and if I was a car salesmen and was honest and played by the rules, I'd be pissed off that situations like this feed the negativity associated with the job. Lastly, I should have done some research beforehand as after we left the dealership we looked up San Tan VW on Yelp and the ratings\/stories are not good; for that I take the blame.