Quality. I am a stickler for it. Nothing burns me more than getting all kinds of flash in the pan uppity attitude from businesses putting a high gloss layer of glitz on top of a bucket of hot steaming poo, and charging through the nose for it. And there is a whole lotta mediocrity being passed off like the Emperor's New Clothes in da burgh. Podunkeries trying to gaslight us into believing they're on par with the offerings of big REAL cities. With a whole team of on-staff hipsters flapping their arms around and muttering 'faaaaaabulous' over and over until the local media and citizenry actually believe it.\n\nWell, that is NOT the Oakmont Bakery. The Oakmont Bakery is the real 'big city' deal, and could quite frankly be right at home in a space next door to Dean & Deluca in New York.\n\nThe choices are unbelievable, the craftsmanship is stellar, and they are served up by a staff that actually gives a you-know-what about you enjoying what you're paying for.\n\nNow, being a bit 'off my beaten path', I don't stop in often, unless it's for a very special event that requires something to truly impress, and they have never, EVER let me down. However, if I DO happen to find myself in that area, it is absolutely irresistible to stop in and take some incredibly special treat home.\n\nI've had Boston Creme cakes that were barely shared, a Tiramisu cake that was eaten in three days flat by myself alone. And a few other pastries and cookies that never gave me that 'industrial' feeling and duller than drying paint tastebud experience. \n\nOn my most recent visit, I was planning to pick up a Tiramisu cake for a small gathering that was kind of a mini-wake. I pulled my number, 107 (they were on 96) and I waited my turn, slowly eyeing the many cakes in the case up and down, left to right. The bakery was packed on a Saturday afternoon, and the staff buzzed around behind the counter with speed and efficiency, and a genuine businesslike friendliness. You're not being served up twinkitude here. \n\nOne the biggest non-product compliments that I must give to the management is the polish and professional appearance and behavior of the staff. For the most part, the staff is VERY properly polished to be waiting on the public. One can tell that the appearance of the staff is VERY important to the management or owners. Then men are very clean cut with no visible piercings or excessive tats. Their hair is combed and clean and I've never once seen someone behind that counter that made me think 'Ewww...that's touching my food'. In fact, on more than one occasion I've seen a few incredibly attractive guys that I wouldn't have minded stuffing into the box alongside the Tiramisu cake, and taking them home too. (and the ladies are just as normal looking and clean cut as well).\n\nAs I waited for my number to be called, having gotten closer to the description tags, my mind suddenly changed, and I opted to try something new. \n\nJustin, with the amazing eyes and smile, called my number, and I ordered the Peach Melba cake. He put it into the box, bagged it, and then gave me 'care instructions', telling me to keep it flat in the car, and that it would be best to keep refrigerated after the initial serving, or before the serving, to keep everything together properly within the cake.\n\nIt was a vanilla layer cake, with a buttercream frosting sprinkled with white chocolate curls that kind of looked like mini elbow macaroni, with layers of peach filling and raspberry filling between the cake layers, and a big buttercream 'peach' on the top.\n\nAnd for $12.50, not a bad price at all for the quality. Served up by dreamy bedroom eyes? MORE icing on the cake.\n\nMy usual Tiramisu cake is absolutely sinful, and clocks in a little higher on the price tag at $24 and some change, but it really is one of the best I've ever had.\n\nThere are many 'locals' hanging out in their expansion area sipping coffees and eating deli sandwiches along with their pastries, but the real drivers behind this true gem are the baked goods. \n\nBravo for creating a REAL 'big city' experience of quality and professionalism in da burgh. Oakmont Bakery doesn't have to flap their arms around and mutter 'faaaaaabulous'. You only do that when you know that you're really not. You'll never find that attitude at Oakmont. They just know that they are. Because they actually make sure of it, and can be proud of it.\n\nNumber 108? Next! What can we get you?