Well that was a let down. Came here with my friend Wednesday night looking for a great cocktail. This place looked cool from the outside and it's definitely true what they say- never judge a book by its cover. \n\nWhere to begin? How about when we first walked in and were judged by the 5 guys sitting...or should I say hanging out the window. I felt like I was 20 and back in university. In fact, everything about this place screams \"look at me\"- from the empty fish tank to the drunk girls sitting on the couch pounding back beers. Or how about the bartenders who insist on shaking their shakers like shakira shakes her hips (and watching themselves in the mirror while doing it). I feel like this place was filled with people who wanted to be seen but couldn't get in anywhere else. \n\nLooking around I should've taken the hint: every person in there was drinking a beer- but this is a cocktail bar, right?! So let's try these \"great\" cocktails. My friend asked for a bourbon based cocktail- the waitress was quick to say they didn't have any (nor do they offer to free style you one or suggest an alternative). So we ordered the \"beat it\" and...because I can't remember it we will simply refer to the second cocktail as \"morning after in the streets of New Orleans\"...Believe me- if you smelled or tasted this cocktail you would completely understand. \n\nBoth cocktails were undrinkable (ok, the beat it was a little more tolerable) and we left with half our drinks sitting in the glass (and no one asked if we enjoyed the cocktails or acted surprised when we asked for our bill so quickly). Mind you, this was 45 min after entering the bar because it took that long to get our drinks. Oh- and perhaps the undrinkable part had to  do with the fact I didn't see 1 bartender do a quality check. \n\nSpeaking of bartenders- my favourite quote of the evening- \"the aromatics are sweet- you just gotta smell 'em\" as he wafts the smell of burnt hair into the patrons face. Amazing.  \n\nIf you are looking for 905- style crap cocktails- this is the place for you! My advice? Avoid at all costs and spend your money elsewhere- this place won't last long!