Caplanskys poses a conflict of interest. I'm supposed to think about things like food, service and value. My opinion of the ownership really shouldn't enter into the picture, unless said owner acts in such a way to enhance or detract from the experience. \n\nIt's tough to maintain that level of objectivity at Caplanskys, because Zane is just so damned likable. \n\nSo here is my disclaimer: I consider Zane Caplanskys at least an acquaintance, and if our schedules were more compatible, I'd probably consider him a friend. The dude has earned my respect by choosing what he wants to do with his life, and going after it no matter what people think. He has breathed life into a style of food that's perilously close to extinction, and attracted a diverse clientele, from the hippest hipster to the crankiest Zoom, they pile into his shop on College to gorge on food that we all enjoyed before eating became a pale exercise in health. \n\nThe food varies from the sublime to the ridiculous, which is why I can't quite give the place full marks. \n\nSoups are always good. The matzo ball version features proper chicken stock and a large, fluffy dumpling. Pea soup and beet borscht are peppered with chunks of house-smoked brisket. They are deeply flavored, but texturally inconsistent, watery on one visit and fork-worthy on another. Either way, they taste great, and as a home cook I'm used to those kinds of variations. In a restaurant, I'd like to know what I'm getting. Knishes are outstanding. Crispy pastry stuffed with more beef, onions rendered in chicken fat and well-seasoned mashed potatoes. They come with a side of gravy, which itself is available with more smoked meat. It's delicious, but I prefer spicy deli mustard with mine-new york stylee. Kishke, a Jewish sausage, is roasted until it's skin is crispy. It also arrives with gravy. For the record, so do the excellent french fries if you poutinize them by adding said gravy and cheese curds. I've had the fries on their own and in cardiac event form. They're great either way. \n\nThe meat itself is hit and miss. When it is good, it's deliciously salty-buttery-smokey, served on sturdy Silverstein's rye. Hot mustard cuts through these heavy flavours, as does coleslaw in vinaigrette. When it's bad, it's the same mediocre deli you get elsewhere in the city. \n\nBrunch is an event. Strong coffee precedes an array of breakfast choices, including build-your-own omelet. Zane challenges us to use anything on the menu. Two ideas for enterprising Yelpers: \n\n1) An egg salad omelet \n2) A kishke and fried onion omelet. \n\nSo far, I've tried neither. Go for it, and please report back. \n\nDinner selections are less successful. Maple-drenched fried chicken sounds great, and arrives as a substantial portion. Grilled veg are surprisingly good. The chicken reminds one of Oscar Wilde's \"The Picture of Dorian Gray\". It's beautiful on the outside, but inedibly raw on the inside. The server notices immediately, and takes it away. I'm offered anything on the menu, so I try my luck with a smoked meat sandwich. It's on the tough side, and the fat has turned more rubbery than buttery. Not a great night all the way around for the kitchen, but my meal is comped and the service is excellent. That's why I keep coming back. \n\nNon-deli options are also available. Like ratatouille, which I'm sure would taste great, if only I could stop laughing at the prospect of going to a deli for ratatouille. I respect my vegetarian friends' life choices. I go meatless frequently. I'm not going to a deli to do so. \n\nI take pride in the coffee at Caplanskys, which is a few steps above some of the 'finer' restaurants in the city. It is robust and served in deli-proper small ceramic mugs. Refills are readily offered and readily consumed. Desserts were a highlight when they were made in-house. I swear their chocolate cake came from my mom's recipe. Now, they bring most of it in. The suppliers are fine, but there's nothing like home baking. \n\nA weekly storytelling evening is worth lingering at over pints of fresh draught, or coffee with cake. \n\n I come for the food. I stay for the schmooze.