Before I begin this review, I want to let you know that I have given this restaurant the benefit of the doubt FIVE times, always leaving disappointed in some way.  Last night was the \"clincher\" -- I went with my husband and several friends for dinner.  I ordered the Cod Father (which was better THIS time -- last few times it had been way too spicy for a fish sandwich, in my opinion); my husband had the scallops (4 scallops and a small side of vegetables which he said were very good); our two friends ordered the lobster ravioli, also served with a small side of vegetables (they, too, thought their meals were good).  Putting aside the fact that I think the meals are way over-priced for what you get (i.e. very small portions) and that everything else is ala cart, we all enjoyed our evening.  Then came the bill fiasco.   My husband and I picked up the bill and were paying part with a credit card and part with a gift card we had received for Christmas 2013.  After 15 minutes the waiter came over to apologize for the delay but since our gift card was \"old\" they couldn't process it (apparently they just got a new computer program which couldn't  \"read\" the card).  He indicated that the manager was on the phone with the card company trying to figure out how to process the card.  I advised him to just put the entire bill on the credit card and give us a \"new\" gift card.   After another 10 minutes he came back and said \"are you sure you want me to charge this to your credit card -- we can wait until we reach someone and figure out your gift card?\"  I said no, we really needed to leave and just use my credit card.  After ANOTHER 5 minutes the manager came over and said that she was \"working on\" the gift card issue but really couldn't do anything until she reached someone at the gift card company.  We AGAIN asked that the bill be charged to my credit card and that she could reimburse us for the amount of the gift card.  Nope, she couldn't do that.  My husband finally told her to call the owner (which she must have done because it was no more than a minute or so later that she came over with our cash refund of the gift card).  During this entire fiasco (which took over 30 minutes) we were not offered a complimentary drink or desert (or even a piece of candy!) for our inconvenience.  What she did finally say was that we were welcome to come back again for a complimentary meal.  Having said that, we were not given anything to PROVE we could have a free meal, just her word.   In sum:  Food is good (but overpriced and small portions); Service: our waiter was very good (and extremely apologetic); the manager, in my opinion, seemed incompetent with respect to holding a \"managerial position\" and was certainly not concerned with resolving\/satisfying a customer complaint.  I know this review is lengthy (now you know how WE felt waiting for our check!) but I wanted to be totally honest.