*** Review is for Spring Restaurant Week 2014 menu ***\n\nI arrived about 10 minutes before the restaurant opened and I sat in the bar area until opening.  I was seated promptly at 5:30.  Shortly, Brad came by and asked about drinks.  I ordered an iced tea which was quickly brought.  I asked about the Restaurant Week menu.  They didn't have a separate printing of it but Brad had it stored in his memory.  Since I had decided after looking at it online, he didn't have to say a whole lot.  I also asked him for recommendations.\n\nI started with the Burrata with a peach and avocado caprese.  The server ground fresh pepper for extra flavor that enhanced the burrata and the fruit.  In addition to the peach cubes, there were some apple, tomato, and arugula.  It was a beautiful starter with lots of flavor.  The burrata was creamy soft and good.\n\nShortly after finishing the starter course, Andrew brought me an amuse-bouche.  He explained that they waited until after the burrata so as not to disturb the flavors of the burrata with the amuse.  The amuse-bouche was a small bite of ahi tuna.  It rested on a base of Peruvian pepper purée which gave it a great peppery klck.  It was very tasty!\n\nNext, I was brought a small plate with a demitasse of lobster bisque and a small crab cake with a chayote-radish slaw and resting on a creole remoulade sauce.  This was just a little something extra to introduce me to AquaKnox's lobster bisque and crab cake, two of their signature dishes.  Both were absolutely superb!  It left me wanting more on a future visit.\n\nFor the main course, Brad had suggested their Picahna beef but since I was at a seafood restaurant, I overrode his suggestion and went with the Zataar spiced albacore tuna with roasted vegetable quinoa.  and a mango-lomongrass chimmichurri.  The tuna was perfectly cooked and the za'atar spice on the tuna enhanced the dish so much.  The tuna was on a bed of red quinoa that had tomatoes, broccolini, cauliflower, and small carrot slices. The texures of the crisp vegestables with the quinoa and soft tuna was stellar.  \n\nAfter enjoying the main course, I had Laura's Lemon tart with fresh berries for dessert.  The tart had lemon cream in the center pastry and the lemon was topped with blackberries, blueberries, paspberries, kiwi, and thinly slices apple.  On the side were some pistachio pieces.  What a perfect end to a great meal.\n\nService was impeccable from start to finish.  Brad and Andrew double teamed me and made sure that I always had anything I needed.  They both stopped back to see if everything was OK.  They brought a fresh glass of iced tea before my main course so I had a fresh glass even though my first glass still was 1\/3 full.  This is one of those places where the person seating you gives you a dark or white napkin to more closely match the color you're wearing.\n\nAs it turned out, I knew one of the bussers from theatre in Las Vegas.  He stopped by a couple of times to say hello and also check on me.  That level of service is something you like to have but often fall short of receiving.\n\nThe restaurant got crowded quickly and between the bar area, the music, and the general level of talking, the place could be described as vibrant.  Since I was dining alone and had no one to chat with aside from Brad, Andrew, and Brandon, it was quite OK for me.  The three course plus amuses lasted just under two hours and was a wonderful second restaurant for this restaurant week.