I did the driving package and I can say it was worth every penny. The only reason I give a 4 star is because the pcitures did not include me in the car. But still I got a certificate with my top speed of 154.43 faster then the expected 150, although not by much. \n\nIf there is one thing I have to give them credit for, it is all the training and info they give you to make you feel comfortable. Needless to say I was a little nervous. No Instructor car to follow. It was just me, my car,  and the track. I was the last to go so I had it all to myself. When I got on the back straight and accelerated on to the track, my first thought was OH S***T!! What did I get myself into. I was heading to the first turn and thought I was going to crash but they have these white dots on the track you stay between. I headed through the dots and was  in shock at how well the car was gripping to the track. At this point my confidence in the car was up. I floored it, hitting the rev limiter more then once. I felt like I was in a qualifying lap. Going into the next turn I was screaming with glee as my spot man on the radio was giving commands.  Kept responding with a \"10-4\" as instructed and then the spotter saw I was comfortable and just let me enjoy the ride. I was going so quick and being the last one the guy told me to take an extra lap as they cleared the pits. I was joyous because it allowed me to get a little faster. Then sadly I heard the checkered flag command and had to begin slowing down.\n\nFor any Gearhead this is something they must experience.  I will be back too, because that staff was so freindly and able to answer any qusetion you have. Due note that if you do this and the helmet is loose, make sure you get a nother one. My buddy had a loose one and he said the helmet dropped down and he had to correct it on the track. Not something you want to deal with going 140mph in an open wheel car.\n\nOh and one more thing, when you start and you are told to pop the clutch and that thing fires up. It might just scare last nights dinner out of you.