Setting politics aside, my mother and  I really did enjoy our stay at Trump Las Vegas. We came to town to meet up with family, and neither of us are really  \"party people\" at this point so we wanted somewhere that was  off strip, quiet, accessible, and relaxing. Trump LV delivered on all these points. \n\nAll of our interactions with staff (front desk, lobby, bellhop, valet) were very friendly and the complementary valet system (no self parking) was fast and efficient. \n\nOur room was on the 49th floor and the fast shuttle elevators zoomed us up there with very little wait. The view wasn't really anything to write home about during the day - but at night it twinkled with all the city lights and it was really pretty. We could hear the train horns at night; but it wasn't really anything that ruined our stay, and to be honest if we were asleep we slept right through them. \n\nOur room was set up much like a studio apartment with a sitting and sleeping area, small kitchenette (with sink, fridge, and built in hot plate). It also came with a Kurig and a toaster. It was awesome to  be able to go to the store and get some food that we could take back to the room for late night munchies or a morning snack; my family stayed at the Luxor and did  not have any of these amenities in their room. \n\nThe bed was amazingly comfortable and we had some of the best sleep that we have had away from home. My mom was impressed and was convinced that the mattress at TLV was better than the one she has at home.\n\nThe bathroom had his and hers sinks as well as a very large standing shower, separate toilet area, and big deep jetted tub. The tub was perfect for a relaxing soak at the end of the night and was so big that lengthwise I couldn't touch both sides (I'm 5'7). The mall across the street had plenty of stores and a Lush beauty where I picked up enough bath bombs to have several relaxing nights. There were plenty of hand and body towels, so we never had to ask for more.\n\nWe didn't partake but we did stop by the pool and fitness area and both were clean and the pool looked wonderful. A perfect suntrap, but also a wonderful place to relax. Trump hotel doesn't have an attached casino, and seemed to cater to the more relaxed crowd as opposed to the party crowd.\n\nIt was only a small walk from the strip and they also had a complementary shuttle van service that ran to the Wynn and to Cesars. All in all it was a wonderful stay at a very good price and I would recommend TLV.