Is anyone else as infuriated as I am by the amount of paperwork now required every time you see a new doctor?  What truly makes me p.o.'d is a) the number of times you have to print, then sign your name and write the date, over and over and over again, and b) ask for all my insurance info when the front desk has the cards and is COPYING them.  I guess I should be thankful that I have insurance, and I truly am.  This isn't particular to this doctor's office, but this is the one I was at today.  At least there was an attempt at levity here: one line asked about the patient's hobbies, and gave examples: knitting, golfing, filling out paperwork.\n\nI was actually two minutes early for my 1:30 appointment, which never happens, but five people came in one by one, right behind me.  We all had 1:30 appointments, and I thought WTF???  I expected to be there for the long haul, but in reality I was out in an hour, start to finish, and that included elbow x-rays.\n\nI've had ongoing problems with both elbows and have gotten three different diagnoses (and treatments) from four different doctors.  Dr. Bronstein is Doc #5. Although my elbows were x-rayed a few months ago at a dedicated radiology place and showed no abnormalities, Dr. Bronstein wanted them done again, thinking maybe something had changed. I thought I was going to be given a script for them, but no, they'd do them in-house. I'm very leery of having x-rays done at any doctor's office, because they can't possibly have the latest equipment (which always has less radiation), and I think they aren't subject to the same inspection standards as a stand-alone facility.  As it turned out, two x-rays were done of each elbow, but one had to be repeated, for a total of five, and that has to be due to the technician, assuming she's even certified and licensed to do this.  And again, nothing showed up.\n\nSo I left with padded elbow \"socks\" and an appointment for a follow-up, even though the doctor said if the problems had been two inches lower on my arm, it would have been a job for a dermatologist.  But that's who referred me!!\n\nI should have heeded the advice of the specialist we spoke to when we first moved here.  As newbies to Vegas, we asked where was the best place to go if we needed a hospital.  His answer?  \"McCarran.\"  I guess that applies to doctors, too.