First time in Toronto, one of the two major cities in the province of Ontario, Canada. The other being the capital of Ottawa. Flew here from Vancouver on Air Canada.\n\nUpon arrival into Toronto, it was nice to not have to go through customs and border control, because I guess I'm flying domestically through Canada. It's pretty cool to be traveling exclusively through Canadian airspace on this trip alone, versus flying through the US then crossing to Canada on the final leg. I got to admit that I didn't think Toronto was a large of a city as I thought, but once I saw the downtown areas when I was on final approach to landing at the airport. YYZ is Toronto Pearson international airport's code, which is cool. I think all of Canada's airport codes start with \"Y\", but that's kind of interesting topic for a later review. Here in Toronto, it was a short 2 hour layover, but learned that my connection to Ottawa, my final destination, was delayed 30 minutes due to late arriving aircraft from Edmonton, AB. Ugh, a little pissed off, but what can you do. Not sure what terminal of YYZ I was at, but I was at the D gates and I'm glad that I didn't have to walk all over the airport to find my connecting gate.\n\nThe overall experience here at YYZ Toronto Pearson international airport was decently nice. Always good to see new places, even though it's just at the airport making connections. I arrived at D33 and departed at D28. Had lunch at the Thai express near my gate, which was pretty decent, although I'm probably not going to post a review about it on yelp. It was just a lunch take out of vegetable pad Thai that just tasted reasonably okay. How can you screw up pad Thai anyway, but to purists and lovers of the authenticity of Thai cuisine, I felt like it could have been better. For what it's worth, $8.68 CAD was decently okay, price wise. YYZ Pearson international airport was clean and very easy to navigate. Since I was stuck in part of the terminal where many of the Air Canada flights were, the food selections were limited. I had a Starbucks kiosk though, which made it okay. Venti black tea lemonade was the order of the day, just to complement my take out spicy Pad Thai noodles in a small take out box.\n\nFor what it's worth, trains take you into the city center from the airport. Of course, you can always drive here in your private vehicle or catch a cab. Even Uber too, but you can't get a pick up at the airport due to a lot of controversy surrounding that. YYZ Pearson international airport seems to be one of the busiest airports in Canada, hitting a lot of the international traffic on the eastern Atlantic side with Montreal. Vancouver tends to take the western pacific side. Spend up to two hours of more checking into your flight and get through Canadian TSA security and be waiting for your flight to board. The rest of that is to relax and enjoy your flight. This airport is very clean and orderly. Plenty of people arrive and depart here everyday and it just seems like the place to be to people watch, when you are connecting flights yourself. \n\nWhile my connection here at YYZ was brief, I had a nice time here and hope to be back some day soon. 4 stars, solid!\n\nSupport local!\n\nB