If there was an option to give no star that is what they would get! I was moving from Denver to Los Angeles and was reviewing companies on line. USA Moving &Storage came from a link where you are to receive 6 bids. I researched 3 of the companies to find nothing but good ratings and they were BBBcertified. Clearly they have changed their name recently because they are part of the whole moving scam discussed on the Internet. I received a call from Phillip Holgiun phillip@firstchoicemoving.com ext 212. He gave me a quote around 1600-1800. He asked for andeposit and when I said I thought i had seen where you shouldn't do a deposit up front, he said it's only $250 refundable etc. I needed the move on a Wed they couldn't do that but would do everything but the beds nd come back and get them thurs, we settled on thurs a.m. First thing meaning 7-8. Well thurs came along 7, 8, 9....no movers. I called and called left mags which never got returned. Their automated system doesn't link you to an option to get a receptionist, finally I hit a different option from the beginning and got a Maria, she had me on hold for quite sometime after untold her the situation and finally came back on and said they were coming. An hour later Jo movers, now it's 11 and I had ppl moving in after 12. I call back get her again, she says I can cancel for 50% refund...which really?? No service was provided, I think this is what thet think you will do, I mentioned their bbb rating and that inwouldnfile a complaint and her response was, we will cancel if you threaten with negative reviews. About 45 min later a scruffy guy shows up w 4 random Hellers, no professional truck and none of them looking like they work w Such a company, when I mentioned how late they were and I have tenants moving in the afternoon, his response....I cannot work in these conditions of you being angry, he leaves...to sum it up...he leaves, the company makes him return. He then goes to my friend, where do I start? I expect movers to tell me where tomstart I also told Phillip who is MIA that I needed the kitchen packed, he put that in at no cost but clearly they had no plans to pack, no boxes, tape etc....so we let them go....I was able to scramble and find a good company, all points moving aka Stevens which the All Points Moving was excellent from beginning to end, Stevens who I worked w Bill started out great and was very attentive to get the biz bit his follow through wasn't good, his quote was more than 1600 off and he said I would know bynFri or Sat at the latest when my stuff would come and it wasn't until Wed I heard, he hasn't resolved the difference in quote...got the I will call you back...still waiting Bill! The All points team...amazing, the packers those ladies are amazing and what I had envisioned to happen that morning at 7am, the movers were equally professional and Mary at the office who coordinated the rest was above and beyond great.....stay away from USA Moving and storage!