My girlfriend and I have seen this place several times while driving down Warner, and always wanted to try it out. It's located right next door to Sushi San in an otherwise pretty barren strip-mall area, so it's not hard to find.\n\nIt's a tiny little place, with only three to four tables inside. The decor could best be described as \"Sweet Country Grandma Butterfly Haven\", with one manekineko in a small pot off in a corner. There's a big board in the back with the prices of bulk to-go wares (I guess...??), and a cold-display counter showing off the goods.\n\nThe menu is two-sided, with one side for white people and the other for Chinese people. I say that, because (like damned near everywhere else we've been) the waitress expressed utter disbelief when we ordered from the Chinese side. I laughed inside, because this is the first time that my girlfriend (who is Mexican) has seen this in action. I always jokingly tell her that one day I'm going to get a shirt which says in Chinese \"Yes, I eat weird shit like this all the time\". Anyways... we ordered the Dan Dan Noodles, and two rice dishes (one with rib and tripe, the other with ear and tongue), and two teas. After again reassuring the waitress that yes, we genuinely *DO* eat shit like this all of the time, we settled in for our meal.\n\nOur food came out, and it was... fine. It was just fine. This place specialized in offal. In fact, one of the first questions that came to my mind was:  \"Can you actually get duck *meat*?\". You can get duck wings, head, tongue, feet, gizzards, but no breast meat. Same with pork and beef- no actual meat, just the \"other stuff\". Which isn't a problem, and I'm always down for a good offal dish, but I'd imagine that some people would come here looking for some good duck meat and might be put off by the lack of it.\n\nAnyways... our food was fine. Not great, just fine. The meats were tasty but (and God knows how I hate saying this) not as good as many close-by options (which I won't name, but if you read my other reviews you'll see). Each dish had a lump of white rice and a smattering of microwaves peas and carrots, which maybe turned me off more than it should have. The Dan Dan noodles were actually really tasty, and if possible I'd have given half a star for them alone.\n\nAll in all, this place is fine, but I think that it's definitely geared more towards Chinese residents who are yearning for a taste of home. Other places with larger (and more diverse) menus will do well in attracting new customers and meeting curious guailos halfway, but I don't see Hot Duck making much of a splash. I noticed several posters on the way out, and I guess this restaurant is a franchise from LA? At any rate, I don't see any reason to return here, unless I'm wanting to bring home a half-pount of duck tongues (which I hear are amazing, but... yeah).