There must have been a bunch of conferences the week we stayed because the rates were not cheap in Vegas. We deemed The Platinum Hotel as our best value. I was a little scared about the hotel because it isn't one of the more famous ones, there is no self serve parking, and it is off the strip but all those concerns were wiped away on our first day.\n\nThis hotel is a great value and a great place to stay. If I could move in, I would! Each room is like an apartment and being from NYC, let's just say the room was bigger than my apartment. It was a real treat to stay in such a spacious place with modern decor and appliances. This place is like brand new even though it isn't. The balcony was awesome because it had a view of Vegas, all the lights, and the airport. The living room is nice because it has a tv and the kitchen is stocked just in case you wanted to cook. It's not fully stocked but surely you could boil a pot of pasta. The room was clean, bed comfy, and there was lots of space. My favorite part of the suite was the bathroom as it had a separate jacuzzi tub with jets and big enough for two. Here's some pro tips about the tub: Don't buy the bath bombs from the hotel shop, just go to Lush at Caesar's and you will save some money. Don't use bubble bath if you plan on using the jets. The tub will fill with bubbles sky high and if you don't watch it, you could end up having a Brandy Bunch moment with the whole room filling with bubbles. Also, as others did mention there is algae on the jets so let the water run a bit, then drain. It's annoying. The hotel should have them scrubbed as part of the cleaning service. There seems to be enough complaints. We did pay a visit to the hotel pool as well and that was a very nice space since part of the pool is indoors. \n\nThe valet parking turned out to be convenient and quick. We never waited more than 5 minutes for our car. Overall, this hotel is not very crowded. It's quiet and we never saw other people on our floor. The location is not bad at all. If you don't have a car, you can easily walk 10 minutes down the street to all the main popular hotels. If you do have a car, you can explore in the opposite direction from the strip to cheaper restaurants. All the Filipino restaurants are like 7 minutes away as well as stores like Target and Best buy if you need anything.\n\nI loved our stay at The Platinum. I used to stay at Treasure Island but now this will be my go to hotel in Vegas.