We got our pre-sale tickets for the grand opening on April 27th of this nightclub about a month prior. Upon arrival, there were numerous security and bouncers, helping organized the many lines to get in the club. They let in the pre-sale ticket line first, right at 9:30PM when the club opened. Once we went through a few stops with checking IDs and tickets, we were sent on our way to the dance floors. The first two story is held off for the restaurant that wasn't opened yet. The third floor is the hip hop dance floor, thus reserving the fourth and fifth floors to the main stage, EDM (electric dance music). The stairs were difficult, especially for girls in heels. They reserved the elevators for people with table reservations.\n\nI was blown away by how absolutely stunning the main dance floor was! It had 4 LED panel walls that was the focal point of the entire space. There were a total of 4 bars and more tables than I could count. The entire staff was so friendly and helpful. Everyone greeted us with a smile and answered any question we had. We had more than one staff member offered to take our group pictures for us. Honestly, best staff of any club I've been to. It even rivals some of the hotel staff I've encountered on the strip.\n\nCalvin Harris was the featured DJ that night. He had Fergie opened and closed for him, and he only played for 1.5 hours from 1:30-3am. Tiesto also made a quick appearance, and did spin some songs. After paying what we did, I wished Calvin Harris played a longer set. While he was playing, he was distracted by all the commotion going on behind his DJ table. There were models, and lots of men in suits (investors I'm sure) that he had to mingle with. At one point during his set, he was making out with a model instead of spinning. It was probably the excitement of Grand Opening weekend, but it wasn't a good set by him.\n\nThere were some high points and low points. Overall, gorgeous, top notch club with great service. However, crowd needs to be more diverse (80% Asians) and the DJ sets needs to be better. They charge $9 for a small Fiji water which I thought was ridiculous. No outside area is a huge letdown too.\n\nTip: Arrive freakishly early.