As my boyfriend and I approach The Reddstone Tavern the other night we hear Avril Lavigne belting out the first verse of \"Complicated.\"  I turn to him and joke \"uh, should we turn around?\"  Turns out, unless we wanted to spend the next 1.5 hours hearing the better part of \"Now Music Volume Awful,\" the answer was yes.\n\nAside from the music (actual selections included The Backstreet Boys, Brittney Spears, and the like at max volume), the place is actually pretty okay.  As others have mentioned, they have a great patio with an outside bar as well as tables.  It was warm enough to sit out there and as the evening started to cool they lit their charcoal burning fireplace which helped keep the temperature comfortable.\n\nWe were starving after a long day at work and decided to order an app as we sipped our (very weak) cocktails.  There were a bunch listed that seemed to be good possibilities, however, our server recommended the Tuna Tacos so we went with that.  They were really delicious - perfectly seared without being overdone, paired with a spicy guacamole, in a mini-taco salad type shell.\n\nFrom there we split the caprese salad (with roasted heirloom tomatoes).  I thought the balsamic reduction and roasted tomatoes were well done, however, the salad itself was slightly over salted.  Admittedly, I'm sensitive to overly salty foods, however, my boyfriend was the one to bring this up.  It must have been some sort of coarse ground sea or rock salt because it wasn't just the taste but the overall mouth feel of the dish that this affected.\n\nFinally, we split the traditional pizza (sausage, pepperoni, pepper jack).  It was okay - the sauce was a little too sweet for my taste, but it wasn't bad.  The dough itself was nothing to write home about.\n\nLet's put it this way:  the place is affordable enough that I would go back if I'm in the shoreway and couldn't get into Luxe.  But I'd forego the cocktail, order a beer, and maybe go for the kobe beef meatball sub (like I had wanted to, but, they were out of) or one of the other apps.