I am an old soul who dresses Rat Pack but works for a non-profit...which means shopping at thrift stores for those old style classic suits. And, since they were used to begin with, after a couple of years of pretty regular wear, things began to go awry here and there, and I found that going to a regular little independent seamstress meant paying five times what I actually paid for the clothing.\n\nSo I accompanied a friend who needed last minute alterations for a brand new suit he needed for a wedding. They really took their time pinning it for him, and promised it the next morning. We went back the next morning, and other than the jacket needing pressing (which they did), he ended up looking pretty darned striking in his new blue wedding suit, and it didn't cost him a fortune.\n\nSo, next weekend, I went through my sad old closet and pulled out everything that needed repairs and dry cleaning, and off I went. This was a Saturday, and they promised it all done by Thursday, but I said I'd just pick it all up the following Saturday.\n\nI took in like six jackets, four of which needed slight repairs, from buttons to a split back seam. Pants for two of the suits that needed dry cleaning and hem repairs, and one that had blown a button, and another pair of pants needing a pocket seam sewn up.\n\nPicked them up the following Saturday, all sewn up, stitched, cleaned...and voila...\n\nFor $110, a clean and like-new wardrobe. Well, ok, a like-new 1950's wardrobe (and NO, NOT the 'greaser' variety!). I only had one suit left that needed cleaning...the one I'd been wearing. A quick zip to the changing room, and another visit the following week, with another button replaced.\n\nThe staff is very helpful and friendly, they have an army in the back sewing away, and if a problem arises (like a missed spot on a jacket) they send it right back at no extra charge. You also get a discount for paying in advance.\n\nThe last time I went to a lady downtown to ask if she could sew new pockets into an overcoat I got a 'Noooo, I don't do that'. I'd gone to her one other time and she was 'too busy'.\n\nSo, good for her. She don't wanna, and she don't do. Alterations Express does, did, and will continue to keep me dressed as a proper gent from the early 50's would dress (and quite frankly, more Pittsbugher's should try) for a long time.