If you love lattes and latte art, then I highly recommend going to Sambalatte.  \n\nPRO TIP #1: If you don't already know about this myVEGAS game, I suggest you start playing it ASAP if you go to Las Vegas often or have any future plans on going there. It's available on your phone and on the computer, so you can play wherever you are - and it does get addicting. The game is basically slots and you're gambling with 'fake' coins but you can get REAL rewards that are redeemable in Vegas. I think that's pretty cool!! I managed to get a 'buy one, get one free' deal from playing so I definitely made it a point to come here.  \n\nPRO TIP #2: Ask for rainbow art on your drink\/s. I was reading reviews and saw that the baristas don't do it if you don't tell them, it's kind of like on their 'secret menu'.  We ordered 2 Nutella rainbow art lattes and 1 Mocha rainbow art latte. *side story* When I was at the Monte Carlo M-Life desk, the girl helping me load my reward onto my card recommended to get the Nutella, so it seems to be a popular flavor. I had looked at their menu beforehand and actually wanted to get Nutella as well so I was super excited to try it. \n\nRESULT: I LOVED IT. The Nutella latte was more coffee than Nutella, but I can't really complain since I really like coffee too, but wish I could have tasted more Nutella. The rainbow art looked so gorgeous on the first 2 lattes they made, but for the last one (mine) - guess the barista got a little lazy because it didn't come out as gorgeous. Sighhhh oh well. I tried some of the Mocha latte and it was super good - it tasted a lot sweeter. If it wasn't for the high popularity of the Nutella, I would have gotten Mocha.  \n\nWith my reward, one of the lattes was free and I just paid for the other 2. I think a single rainbow art latte goes for around $6-7. It's a bit pricey but worth the experience - especially when you're visiting and can't get rainbow art back home. Awesome place if you want to just talk and relax. We sat outside with our lattes, but the inside looked really spacious and nice as well. My only regret is that we got our lattes in the middle of the day and not in the morning....Sambalatte would have been a great way to start the day.