My Chinese co-worker promised to take another colleague and myself out for an authentic Chinese meal. Work was paying so we came here. We were originally supposed to go to Casa Victoria? but they had a wedding that night. So in the middle of a snowstorm, we arrived early for dinner and I was far more impressed than I thought I would be.\n\nThe place looks like a gilded palace of gold, with multiple floors festooned with opulent paintings and chandeliers. Normally places that have such a precious decor don't have very good food. How wrong I was.\n\nOur co-woker ordered for us Shark fin soup ( I know, I know), Peking Duck two ways, Fried whole lobster and Chinese Greens.\n\nI had no idea what to expect of the soup, but the flavour was delicate and salty. I almost fainted when I saw that one bowl of soup was almost $70! Was it worth it? I don't know as this was the first time I've had it so I have nothing to compare. I liked it. Maybe too much.\n\nThen a waiter appeared with a gleaming trolley upon which sat a golden roasted Peking Duck. He sharpened his knives dramatically and sliced the duck breast razor thin. The server brought a tray of thin crepes and gently placed a piece of the tender sliced duck and it's crispy skin on each crepe. Scallions, carrots and cucumbers were provided with a delicious homemade plum sauce. I thought I'd died and gone to heaven...DUCK TACOS!!\n\nI know. That's really ghetto of me to liken their Peking Duck to tacos, but the reality is that I love tacos and I love duck. This was my new favourite food.\n\nAfter shaving a few additional bits of duck and placing them in the crepes, they wheeled the duck off. What?? Where did my duck go? That was hardly the meat from an entire duck?? Whaaaaaa... Huh---- Oh, look... LOBSTER!!\n\nPre cracked, crunchy lobster in a sweet aromatic sauce. The Colonel has nothing on this finger lickin' dish!\n\nChinese Greens were dark and perfectly cooked in a sauce that had nary a hint of cornstarch goo.\n\nAnd then.... the duck returned... as a Crystal Roll!\n\nThe rest of the duck was returned to the kitchen and diced with mushrooms, noodles and peanuts and served with giant leaves of iceberg lettuce for wrapping. The complimentary textures and temperatures were mind blowing. I never paid a lot of attention to Chinese Food as I had been assaulted for years with Lemon Chicken, Sweet and Sour Ribs and Beef Lo Mein. All of the sauces were always far too sweet and had the consistency of a bodily fluid that shall remain nameless.\n\nThese sauces had depth, texture and intensity and the ingredients were fresh and inspired. I was so caught off guard that it further enticed me to research all the dishes upon returning home and a pretty decent attempt at making them myself.\n\nAll in all this was the best Chinese Food experience of my life to date. I think the bar has been set pretty high for any competition.