Disappointing experience overall and it was all due to service or lack there of. I've been in the F&B industry for over 20 years and I can tell you that as an operator I know the staffs frustrations when getting late tables but at the end of the day if you don't want guest to come in at your last seating available then don't have it as an option. \n\nMy wife and I had dinner reservations which we made on open table for 945p. We arrived at 945p and checked in with the hostess. She was polite and checked us in and said she was going to check to see if our table was ready. She then returned within a minute and said the table was ready and then asked if we wanted to sit inside or outside. She should have asked us that initially. I told her outside and she took us to our table.  \n\nOutside there was 3 other tables that were either on dessert or enjoying good conversations amongst friends or family and finishing up with their dinner. When we were seated at the table it was not set with glassware, silverware or napkins and there was an unlit candle on the table. Not what I would call table being ready by any means. \n\nThe hostess presented us with menus and said our server would be over shortly. When our server arrived he acted perturbed that he had a table and had a very insincere greet and demeanor. He asked us what we would like to drink but made no attempt to suggest cocktails from the menu. We asked for a bottle of Still water and asked if they could make a fruity martini for my wife in which he had no suggestions for us and said he'd ask the bartender. I ordered a Ketel One Martini with blue cheese olives. When our server (Dillon I believe was his name, Caucasian Male with blonde hair and probably around 25-28 years old) returned with the drinks he presented a passion fruit martini which was good and my vodka martini. He then asked if we were ready to order and again made no attempt to suggest items from the menu which was frustrating. \n\nI then told him I'd make it easy for him and give him our entire order since I know how employees are in restaurants and how they hate having late tables. His response was it's okay dude it's not a problem. \n\nJust after our drinks arrived, roughy 15 minutes after being sat the busser (young Hispanic Male) showed up and set our table for us and brought out some bread. He was very polite and a happy individual unlike our server. \n\nFor our first course we had the Charred Octopus which was flavorful but not served hot, it was more on the warm side. At this time I finally asked our server if he had a lighter on him as our candle had still not been lit on the table and we had been sitting down for 30 minutes at this time. \n\nFor our second course we had the the Corn Chowder which was flavorful and unique in texture. It was a nice touch that this dish was served by the chef who explained the dish. \n\nWe ordered another round of cocktails however this time the bartender had left so the server was left to make his own drinks. My drink was fine however this time around he made a martini that was awful and my wife could not drink it but at least he made an attempt to make something. \n\nFor our entree we had the Bone-In Ribeye which was flavorful, cooked to MR like we asked and the garlic purée it was served on was delish. \n\nWhen it was time for dessert we had to ask for a menu and once again ask what was good. Our server did suggest the Carrot Cake which was okay but served cold when it should be at room temp. \n\nNo after dinner cocktails were suggested and when I asked if they had any late harvest wines or sweet wines he replied no. Upon looking at the list I saw that there was a Beerenauslese on the menu and showed it to him and then ordered a glass for my wife and I. \n\nWhen he returned he apologized as he didn't know the list. \n\nNo table touch was done by the manager to see how our night was going and when we left he was on the phone walking around the restaurant. \n\nThe ambiance is amazing being right on the lake and a true gem found in Dessert Shores however service needs to be addressed as the clientele that lives in the community as well as outside the community deserve top notch service if you claim to be a fine dining establishment. \n\nThe scariest thing about our experience and I hate to even bring it up but it's the fear that I had being we were the last table in the restaurant is wondering if our food was tampered with. It's sad to think this way but you can't help it especially given the servers attitude. \n\nYes I would return as i want to give them the benefit of the doubt being this restaurant is in my backyard and I want to see them succeed. Food I'd give a \"B\" rating and service an \"F\". Ambiance would get an \"A\" as the music was good playing in the restaurant and of course being on the water was a huge plus.