We absolutely love this hotel!  It is a non casino, non smoking hotel.  Once we are done for the day walking through all the other casinos to get to the strip\/ restaurant or see a show, we are able to head back to a quiet, clean air hotel.\n\nThe customer service and hospitality is impeccable!  We had an Executive Suite on 40th floor - it was a corner suite, the view was great.  We are able to see the Bellagio foundation.  Our bed was super soft and uncomfortable so I called housekeeping- we were so lucky Anthony (supervisor) picked up the phone.  Chatted with Anthony regarding the bed and he agreed to come to the room to check it out.  After inspection, he confirmed that the bed is old and it's in the process to get changed out.  At 10:30p that night, he brought over a brand new mattress (after confirming with us that it is not too late, otherwise he would change it in the morning)!!!  Another amazing service was that he didn't want us to wait for someone to put on the sheets, hands and knee he did it for us!!! WOW!!!  That is going the extra mile!  It made our stay incredible not to mention a good night sleep!\n\nMy one gripe about this suite is that we have a beautiful full kitchen equipped with full size refrigerator, dish washer, stove and a microwave, however there are no dishes, utensils or a coffee maker.  What hotels, even in a standard room that does not have a cheap coffee maker???  When I called housekeeping inquired about a coffee machine, it will cost us $20!  What hotel suites with a kitchen doesn't have any dishes, pots or utensils?  This is the first for us!!\n\nAnother funny part is that they have a scale in the bathroom.  Who wants to weigh themselves during vacation especially in Vegas.  First time seeing a scale in a hotel bathroom.  They fork out a nice scale but no coffee machine in a full size kitchen?!?! (Scratching my head)\n\nThis would have been 5 stars but had to take out a star for the kitchen without the coffee maker and other supplies.\n\nLove this hotel, will definitely come back and tell al my friends about it!!!