Las Vegas has always been \"Sin City\", but now a days, it's also known as the \"Secret Getaway\". With huge changes all over the place, one of the biggest was the completion of The Cosmopolitan. With millions of dollars invested in this hotel & casino, would the Cosmopolitan stand true as the naughtiest hotel on the Strip?\n\nAs for now, I'll be focusing mainly on the casino. I'll write an update on the rooms and bars at a later time.\n\nDECO: 5 stars\n\nIt has to be said that if atmosphere was the sign of character, this place would be that super hot model making all the other hot models feel not so hot. Think a Megan Fox or a Tricia Helfer in a skin tight black dress with red trim around the dropping neckline. Now imagine her standing in a DMV line with the line of miserable people, and she's staring right at you, eyes locked and lips flushed. If you're getting turned on or hot & bothered, that's what the deco is at The Cosmopolitan. \n\nThe place is like walking into a epicenter of fashion, liquor, and class. Boutiques line and hug the upper levels of the casino before you head down the escalator. The place is so plush that you'll see people taking pictures just on this level. You know why? Because from the second level, you'll notice the Cosmopolitan doesn't have just one chandelier, it has a whole population of them. Small ones, glass ones, monolithic ones, blue ones. The place is screaming with excess of class, and it strangely works. As gaudy as it might sound, it actually captures the eyes, and makes you anticipate what could be waiting downstairs.\n\nWell, if the upper level was impressive, just wait till you actually walk to the casino floor. The place is plush, and when I say plush, I mean imagine being scurried away by your loins to a room designed by high class prostitutes and unicorns. Yeah, that's one wrong-right combo. \n\nThe place is decked out with subtle atmospheric lights, rich hues of sensational colors, and the staff is dressed to the nines. This is the Michael Kors of casinos, the House of Ninja, the Sam Rockwell of style. This might be the first hotel & casino you step in where you'll feel under dressed if you're not dressed to impress. So make sure you impress. When you're here, you feel like somebody, and that's very hard to pull off for any casino.\n\nPLAYER'S CARD: 4 stars\n\nThe Player's Club they have here is called \"Identity\", and I have to say it raises the bar for what player's clubs should be. The moment you enroll, you get free slot play like most casinos. The difference though is what comes after. When they email you to welcome you to your membership, they offer free incentives. Mine was a free year's subscription to Zagat. Also, they have some of the greatest incentives to come back and play. Just a little while ago they offered to pay you back up to $100 in slot money if you lost that much playing with your own money. So essentially, you get another $100 to lose. Free money = best money.\n\nCASINO: 3 stars\n\nWith all this luxury oozing out, you have to think the casino is decadent too, right? Unfortunately, this is where they drop the ball. Maybe because the Cosmopolitan was aiming to keep that atmosphere of suave and classy, with bars throughout the floor, but the casino part of the hotel was quite small. It was probably one half the size of a casino floor like Bellagio's. On top of that, the games are all quite pricey. That standard would fit for such a bourgeois casino, but for those who are tighter on the wallet, this place will take your money quick. It's not necessarily a bad thing, since it fits the theme of the casino, it just might deject some from playing here.\n\nCONCLUSION\n\nFor most people, we all want to walk into our high school reunion, and have all eyes looking at us with envy because we're such hot stuff. The Cosmopolitan is just that in Las Vegas. As one of the new kids on the block, the Cosmopolitan sets high standards for what a decadent Las Vegas experience should be. From the stylish and sexy faces every where you look to the personal experience the staff presents, the Cosmopolitan will no doubt rise as the \"Secret Getaways\" most taboo, and succulent, place to visit.