I just landed a new job (thank you, thank you!) and the lady wanted to take me out for a nice celebratory dinner. I'll preface this review with a tl;dr at the beginning: It's gonna be hard for me to top this place as far as dining experiences go.\n\nYou walk down the staircase, and suddenly, everything changes from sports bar to swanky '20s speakeasy, complete with bowtie'd hosts and hostesses, jazz noir music (provided by their very own pandora station), dim lights, and mason jar lined tables with dark tones. This is legit, man. The only thing that The Cellar shares in common with upstairs? The owner and the use of Ipads for drinks. Even the general manager is separate.\n\nThe Drinks:\nThe Cellar prides themselves on providing rare beers, and they sure do excel. In fact, I hadn't heard of a single one of them on their menu. They have a good variety of aged stouts, porters, belgians, farmhouse ales, even some wine type drinks. We didn't even delve into the cocktail menu. The staff is super knowledgeable about the beers as well, citing their flavor profiles and prominent flavors. FYI, since these are so rare, you're only gonna get 5 to 9 ounce pours on most. Sip and enjoy, this is NOT the place to be slamming nattys with the guys.\n\nThe food:\nFood is served tapas style with dishes coming right to your table when they're done cooking. I could honestly write paragraphs describing the handcrafted details and complexity and deliciousness of this food, but I'll keep it short:\n\n3 Cheese\/Meat Plate ($15) : We chose the Sopraseta, Aged Gouda, and a cheese I had never heard of called a Challerhocker (literally translates to 'sitting in the cellar'), all paired with different dips and preserves, as well as spent-grain bread from Birdsong. Amazing.\n\nTuna Tartare ($12) : Beautifully prepared with crispy noodles, an awesome guac, and crispy wontons to eat it all up with. Incredibly well seasoned and tasty.\n\nTruffle Mac N Cheese ($12) : Both the Lady and I tasted it and said \"...wut.\" It's not food, it's just bliss. Heavy on the truffle, but little bits of prosciutto add the needed saltiness throughout the dish. Perfectly cooked and fantastically flavored.\n\nScallops ($19) : Jesus. How can they make food that good? Paired with a cauliflower puree and a salsa of roasted corn and currants for sweetness, this dish was out of this world! \n\nService: \nOur server, Gabby, was absolutely delightful. She stayed with us to talk us through the intricacies of each dish, and was very attentive the entire night. Made us feel very welcome. Thanks, Gabby. \nThe manager came up and introduced himself to make sure everything was going alright. At the end of the night, I spotted the actual beer bottle cellar and he took the Lady and I in and explained their long term plans, interesting things about the building (it very well may have been a real speakeasy!), and talked to us about the chef. He took about 15 minutes out of his time there to show us around, it was really cool!\n\nOverall, I can't recommend this place enough. Go and try it for yourself, I know we'll be back for the smores and cocktails which we were just too stuffed to fit in our stomachs!