One of the quirkiest and eccentric eateries I've ever visited and thoroughly enjoyed!  This two-story unconventionally designed and laid-out establishment, contains some of the most peculiar and outright bizarre curios and knick-knacks ever seen in a restaurant!  Where ever you decide to sit in the place, you'll be overwhelmed by anomalous, irregular and outright eerie paraphernalia that for the most part is highly unidentifiable.  A real stuffed horse, in drastic need of re-sewing it's stitches!  A turn of the past century wagon hitch that appears to look more like a giant wooden toilet with provocative artwork inside!  Despite most of the stuff is hanging over your head, and somewhat intimidating, this place if fun.  The food and overall atmosphere is awesome and terrific too!  Great service, thanx to Natalya, but she seems to represent the rest of the staff well.  Although their menu isn't ultra extensive, everything had so far has been great.  Their 'You Little Devil' consisting of six deviled egg halves, piled high with bacon and chives are fantabulous, especially when washed down with ice cold San Tan Hefewiezen Ale.  The servings of Panko Shrimp including five plump and tasty jumbo shrimp, hand breaded with Panko and excellently golden-fried, served with interesting house sauce was well worth every bite taken - left wanting for more.  Our large group of 9 folks included at least two that had been regulars 'back-in-the-day' of this weird and curious joint dating back to the fun and festive as well as misty and smoky 70's - dating ourselves here aren't we?!  A batch of pizza's were ordered and no one seemed to have any complaints about them, so either the beers, 'tinis and 'ritas were doing their jobs or the eats were downright good!  If you're in the mood for a good time with friends (or without), like to be in the midst of a fun, strange, outlandish and somewhat unbalanced environment, this has got to be the place to experience from outperforming service from staff, to the off-the-wall bric-a-bracs and knick-knacks or trinkets throughout, this is for you - not to mention the tasty fun food too.  You can be above ground upstairs with a great bar and, get this, a real honest to goodness Creature from the Black Lagoon PinBall Machine, or downstairs surrounded by, and even topped by the weird of the weird... or outside in a fabulous courtyard with bar, firepit, misters and more!  By the way, this place really looks like a Mission when you arrive!  Though by far not haute cuisine, nor nouveau anything, this is a place for the fun food aficionádo and pleasure for the atypical gourmét.  Bon appétit to the Connoisseurs of enjoyment!