Chef Kevin Sousa's  2018 award winning restaurant sits in the middle of an old neighborhood in Braddock, PA in what was once a Chevy dealership. The eclectic farm to table menu is laid out differently than most restaurants that we've been to.\n\nParking is free either on the street or in what was once known as the dealership's parking lot. When we arrived we were seated promptly and a very friendly and helpful waiter guided us through the menu and answered any questions we had. He explained to us that in creating the menu they deviated from the traditional style of appetizers, salads, mains, etc to more of a four course selection where you can pick and choose whatever you wanted. The first page is the entire food menu. The pages that follow it consists of your wine or alcoholic beverages. They have a full bar here.\n\nAnything marked with a \"v\" on the menu meant the item was vegetarian but could be made vegan upon request. I began with the carrot tartare that came with seaweed wraps. My husband had the smoked potato with radish. I was literally blown away with how good that carrot tartare was! Even wrapping portions of it in the seaweed made it more delectable. I tasted my husband's smoked potato and wasn't overly impressed with it. \n\nAfter completing these items I had discussed with the waiter about the main courses. Everything is cooked to perfection however, be aware of the fact that the inside of most of the dishes can be under cooked.  I say this only to point out the fact that they give that warning about consuming raw or undercooked foods at the bottom of the menu.\n\nI originally wanted the salmon but learning that they could not prepare it well done I then settled for the veal with ricotta, asparagus, and fiddleheads. My husband went with the chicken where he was given two thighs along with morels, endive, and hickory. We waited a bit for our food but it had a nice presentation. I found the veal tender but wasn't used to the preparation. On the other hand I was literally blown away by the fiddleheads. They look like round asparagus and are seasonal to this time of year. My husband told me he enjoyed his chicken meal.\n\nNeedless to say the two items we ordered literally were filling enough so we had to pass on dessert. The menu is online and does change weekly. It is located across the street from the Edgar Thompson works. It makes a great place to go for a special occasion. Dress is casual.