I generally dread going to the Depot. It is hard to find help, they are all set up differently, I can never find the bathroom, and I always seem to need the bathroom when I am there. Probably because I am there for so long. On time I was there for over 2 hours. Don't ask.\n\nAnyway, this Home Depot is newer and therefore is still clean and not that busy yet. Service is not always what it should be, but it has been better than other Home Depots.\n\nOn one of my endless visits since I bought the money pit, I was buying one extra piece of Easyboard (drywall you can hang tile on). As I walked through the store I felt like a lot of creepy guys were looking at me. Now this is not all that unusual in a hardware store if you are a female with all your teeth and 2 boobs, but it seemed creepier this day. \n\nWell I checked out and went to my car, only to realize the Easyboard was not going to fit into my car. So I simply went back in and asked a Home Depot  guy by the door if he could cut the piece in half, which he did gladly. Then as I was walking across the parking lot to my car I heard someone calling Mam, Mam. I realized he was calling me since I was the only female in sight, and when I turned around it was the guy who cut my board. To my horror he then asked me if I knew the back of my pants had a hole ripped in them. Needless to say, I did not know that. \n\nBasically I had a large L shaped tear in my pants right on my butt, and I was walking around Home Depot with a nice portion of my ass cheek showing. This probably explains all the stares I got. How did I not notice you ask? I was wondering the same thing! I then thanked him and walked the rest of the way to my car with the Easyboard covering my butt.\n\nI guess the moral of this story is I did have somebody who works at Home Depot go the extra mile to help me out for once! I was not done running errands, so he definitely saved me from further humiliation. Although next time I went in there, he felt the need to mention that he remembered I was the lady with the hole in the back of my pants. I guess I just wasn't ready to laugh about it 3 days later.