If I were to rate this venue based only on service and how the bar's ambience made it easy for me to \"let my hair down,\" I would easily give 3.5 stars, but for now, I can only say \"A-OK,\" due to the limited selection of food.  (An \"A-OK\" from me is still pretty good!  I rarely give four stars after only one visit, but when I do, you better believe I was impressed with service, food, beverages, low ambient noise pollution, and delightful atmosphere!)  Rott n' Grapes is listed on Yelp as a venue with tapas\/plates, but it really is more of a \"wine and beer bar,\" with bar snacks as somewhat just an afterthought.  There's an impressive chalkboard written with multi-colored chalk, and with such a large list of wines and beers, I was overwhelmed.  What a relief when my eyes adjusted and somehow found Caymus Conundrum.  I was with a friend, who's never heard of Conundrum, but was willing to try a bottle (!) on my word (!!) that it was good.  Bartender Jason backed me up on how great the Conundrum line is, and with a free app from a selection of three with the purchase of a bottle, how can we go wrong?  With my friend's power of persuasion, he was able to get a credit for the app and have it applied to the charcuterie board, instead.  Another win!  (This was after my friend spoke to the other bartender about the possibility, and not Jason.)\n\nThere was a bit of confusion when Jason poured us a glass of red, when we told the other bartender that we wanted white, but Jason didn't even bat an eye, obtained a chilled bottle of white and immediately poured us two glasses, and then placed the bottle into a wine chiller.  The tiny charcuterie board (normally $15, but $12 during HH) came with extra-sharp white cheddar (my favorite of the three), triple-cream Brie, and Manchego; salted almonds, a mix of olives; a couple of dates; salami and prosciutto; and toasted half (?) of a small baguette brushed with EVOO.  We ended up asking for more bread, so thanks to Jason for indulging us!\n\nIf I were living in the area, I might return another evening, but I live 30 minutes away...