Gelato and I go way back, especially at the Gelato Spot. They got me through some long days of studying for boards and hitting the sweet tooth after an exhausting day at the hospital. But there is a certain charm about the Phoenix and Scottsdale locations (both 5 stars in my opinion) that this specific location lacks. The other Phoenix and Scottsdale locations are in upscale, fun areas that kind of make getting gelato a tasty event....but this location makes me feel like I'm going out to hit up a pawn shop and then donate some used batteries at a Goodwill.\n\nI initially drove by the plaza they were located in because I looked at it and thought to myself, \"Well this area looks dead and dark, there is no way that a Gelato Spot would be in here...\" After driving for an additional 3 minutes, I realized I had gone too far and then made the sad realization that they in fact were in the grocery plaza. The Gelato Spot caters to a certain clientele and it looks like they are trying to diversify and attract new customers in this area, but I don't know how successful they will be. When I went in on a Saturday night, they were pretty dead, but I will attribute their lack of customers to a lack of awareness. The ambiance was also super bland, no color, comfort or excitement...nothing like the Scottsdale location. It just seems weird for a place (with the reputation of a Gelato Spot) to open up when things aren't in place. First impressions are everything and my first impression was I should have gone to Frost.\n\nHere's the deal with gelato, my girlfriend and I love Stracciatella, Almond Snickers and Baccio. That's pretty much it and unfortunately this location only had Almond Snickers .......I'm not sure why they wouldn't have some of their more popular flavors on the board for their opening month. We got stuck with trying pistachio and amaretto and we were not fans. The customer service was excellent and I'm sure the flavors I love will eventually get there. I will obviously give this spot another chance in a month or so after they get their act together and will update my review.