Ugh, if my relationship with Cap Reit were a country song, it would be a he-done-me-wrong kinda country song. \n\nSo I live in a Cap Reit building that used to be owned by Vista. It was sold to Cap Reit, and they became our landlord in June. We received notice of this about a week before it switched over. I guess that's a fault on both Cap Reit and Vista's part. Don't worry, Vista will get a snotty review later on.\n\nWe only moved in a few weeks before the building was sold to Cap Reit. We moved from Ontario, so we didn't have a chance to look at the place. It is a pretty standard Beltline apartment, no major structural or hygiene issues. But the fridge is crazy loud, and the stove doesn't work properly, and the blinds are falling off, and the electrical outlets are loose, and the Smart Card reader on the laundry periodically stops working.\n\nThese are all issues that we have submitted to our new property manager, on several occasions. They came once to check the measurements for a new fridge, but other than that was over a month ago. The only time the landlord ever contacts us is to ask about the rent - which we are always on time with.\n\nThey used the flood as an excuse, but we aren't in a flooded zone. Also, they knew about these problems before the flood. The one time they came to do the fridge measurements was the Monday after the flood. And it has been over a month since the flooding. I have a very hard time believing that they are ignoring us because of the flood, which makes my disdain for this company that much greater.\n\nThe building has a gym. Now, I use the term \"gym\" loosely. It is more like a treadmill, a bike, and a lifting machine in a semi-cordoned off part of the building's foyer. The treadmill doesn't work though, and the lifting machine doesn't have numbers on it, so you never actually know how much weight you're pulling. Having a gym was a deal maker for us, so finding out it wasn't all it was cracked up to be was a blow. \n\nBecause these issues don't affect our safety, we can't really file a consumer complaint with Service Alberta. So we're just screwed. I can't even ethically sublet this place to someone else, knowing that I'd just be passing on the problems to some unwitting person. \n\nI would stay away if I were you. I know that I'll be escaping once this lease is up... next May. Ugh.