This place clearly knows what they're doing, and they continue to do it long after opening their doors. While other fast food joints water down their menu with a jack-of-all-trades approach, In-N-Out sticks with a small menu of items they've perfected. The only thing I've seen them add is coffee, a Kona blend that's very similar to what's offered at Jack in the Box. That's where similarities end. When the economy slides down another notch, their prices only go up by a couple pennies. McDonalds and Taco Bell hold no qualms about jacking up stuff 35-65% whenever they feel like people aren't paying enough for the egg on their McMuffin or the Fritos in their burritos. And In-N-Out doesn't water down their drinks. If anything, they intensify the syrup and blast it with extra carbon dioxide so that the bubbles furiously retain their presence. And the water tastes clean, an amazing feat in fast food around here.\n\nAll items are fresh and trucked in regularly. I don't even think they have a freezer, because nothing is frozen. The meat is always cooked medium-well, with the slightest sliver of pink remaining in the middle, just enough to retain extra flavor while still being completely hot. Vegetables are ice cold, which can be potentially problematic if your burger sits for a long time without being eaten. Best to attack that thing as soon as you get it, because nothing compares to the bliss of a freshly prepared burger at this place. And never does it sit under a heat lamp. As soon as it's done, it's in your hand.\n\nA standard Double Double contains two 1\/8 lb patties. This is typically enough, despite a culture that expects our burgers to weigh as much as a human brain. Considering this is more meat (and better meat) than a Big Mac, I don't see the problem. But if you really want more, they do this weird thing there where they put as many patties as you want. Considering the burgers are fully customizable, from the number of patties, cheese, toppings and even the inclusion\/removal of the bun, it's hard to see where you can find fault with the burgers. Short of ordering it animal style, they don't even charge for extra toppings.\n\nAnd speaking of animal style, there is no greater sin than animal style fries. Whenever I feel like throwing caution to the wind and indulging my inner fat kid, that small hill of cheese, sauce and fried onions is enough to bring a tear to my eye. A full meal at this place always leaves me satisfied and jovial. And while I enjoy hitting the other places every so often, never does it compare to the immaculate In-N-Out.