Absolutely awful experience! I am a Marriott Platinum Elite member and have been to this restaurant in prior years. We decided to try it out again for a special occasion but the entire evening was ruined. \n\nPrior to arriving we noticed that there was a Travelzoo deal saving a little bit of money so we decided on purchasing it. We arrived to the restaurant for our 645pm reservation and were seated within minutes. It took a little while for the waiter to come out but when he did he explained the menu and we ordered. \n\nFor appetizers we got the lobster bisque and caesar salad. It took about thirty minutes for them to come out. The lobster bisque was very flavorless and not even warm. Then came time for waiting...and more waiting...and even more waiting. After another forty minutes we notified the server that we had a show to catch and that we would need the deserts to go. He said he would check on the food. \n\nOur two filet mignons came out about another ten minutes after he went to check on them. One was cooled great, the other not so much. It was not medium rare not was it even warm! I was served a room temperature steak that I'm assuming was just sitting out waiting to be served. We tried to get the waiter's attention but he was no where to be found as was most of the night.\n\nOnce again we waited...then waited some more. Eventually we told a different server to just take everything away and in form our server. A few minutes later our server came out and said he could make me a fish pretty fast since the steak wasn't cooked right. I explained once again to him that we had a show to catch so he said he would bring the bill.\n\nNext the manager came out and told us the bill would be taken care of. We explained to him that we paid for the voucher and they decided to already redeem it so its not like he was doing us any favor. He then asked if he could cover some drinks on our way out or take down our info for next time. As we are moving out of the country in a few days that has no use to us nor did we want to take time to order drinks while we were running late to a show.\n\nOverall horrible experience and their service has definitely downgraded over the years. We wasted our time and money, and worst of all still left hungry after eating just a soup.