I never have been a huge fan of Johnny Rocket's, so when I found out The Wiener's Circle would be taking the spot JR was in, I was happy. A lot of the signs say it's near the bowling alley when it's actually closer to the doors near the buffet. I have enjoyed my experience at The Wiener's Circle inside Red Rock, but there is something about this location inside Santa Fe that was just better to me. If you are familiar with the original The Wiener's Circle in Chicago, then you know they have a different attitude when it gets dark. Here at this location they don't sling any insults (they play games with customers and sling expected insults at the original location after a certain hour even handing out free food and shirts sometimes) or play any games, but what I have experienced is great customer service. The guy who took my order was very nice and patient while I went over the menu. He also told me about different combo deals that include fried and a drink. I have to give them props as far as the menu prices go. Being in a casino usually means marked up prices and sometimes not the same product you'd expect, but I found the prices to be fair and the food tasted great. I've been back a few times now and will be back plenty more! \n\nChar Dog - I got the combo priced at $6.99 that came with fries and a drink. The dog had onions, relish, mustard, pickles, tomatoes, peppers and celery salt. I asked that the dog be lightly charred and that's exactly what I got. The cook even came over to our table to make sure I liked it. I had them add cheese to my fries and the cheese sauce is thick and delicious! I could eat a huge pile (they already give you 1\/2 pound with your order) of just those fries covered in cheese and my taste buds would be happy. \n\nChicken Fingers - As a combo it was $7.99 with fries and a drink. They also give you a choice of mustard, ranch and honey mustard to dip your fingers. I really like the honey mustard here it goes well with the fingers. The fingers didn't look to plump or appetizing when I first saw them, but they really had good flavor and the chicken tasted good enough with out any sauce to dip, but trust me and pair it with the honey mustard. \n\nWieners in a Blanket  - These were $4.99 and tasty little bites! They come 6 to an order, but when I got my order I noticed I had 8 of them. Score! You can choose a dipping sauce for these so I obviously chose honey mustard. I don't think these would fill someone alone, but they make a great snack to share along with your meal or nice portion for a kids meal. \n\nThey have booths and tables or you can get your food to-go.