When I lived in California, I was always able to find Mongolian BBQ in pretty much any mall near my house. However, I was disappointed to find that there weren't any here in Vegas! When I was in California, I was known as the Mongolian BBQ expert to my family and friends because of my flawless meat, veggie, and noodle stacking technique, and also for mastering the art of combining sauces. When I stack my bowl, I stack it high. \n\nWhen I learned that Stir Krazy had opened and that it was fairly close to UNLV, I was ecstatic! I was ready to bust out my old bowl stacking skills and devour the deliciousness I had been missing for quite some time now. \n\nI've gone to Stir Krazy a total of 2 times so far, and had I been giving the rating based off the first visit alone, I wouldn't have given them the four stars I am now. However, the second trip definitely made up for the first. Let me explain why..\n\nThe First Trip: On my first trip to Stir Krazy I was excited and ready. Visions of flowing noodles, meat, and veggies filled my mind and made my mouth water. My friends and I walked in, took our bowls and started to fill them up. Halfway through, we happened to find out that they did not have any noodles, because they didn't receive their shipment that day. My friends and I were greatly disappointed since the main reason we were there was for the noodles! We were also kind of upset since we had already filled our bowls and could no longer leave. We still ate our food with rice instead, and since it tasted okay, I decided to come back another day and give Stir Krazy a second chance.\n\nThe Second Trip: The second trip to Stir Krazy was great. We were promptly seated and handed our bowls so we could begin our feast. I doubled checked that the noodles were there this time, so I was greatly pleased. I stacked my veggies, meat, and noodles high. Added 3 scoops of the house sauce, 1 scoop of the sweet, 1 scoop of garlic, and 1 scoop of their chili sauce. Besides all that I added a bit of baked sesame seeds and a dash of honey.  Booooy was it tasty. Everything absorbed the sauce and really tasted flavorful. It was after the first bite that I decided to give Stir Krazy my seal of approval.\n\nI highly recommend that you take a chance and visit this restaurant. The food is good, the staff is friendly, and the prices are average for Mongolian BBQ.\n\n A quick tip that I can pass on is to carry a napkin with you to stack the bowl. Having a napkin allows you to push the meat down to match the bowl's shape, and place as many veggies as you can inside. After, push the veggies down with the napkin so it's an even surface. I usually add the sauces right after adding the meat and veggies, but before adding the noodles. This makes it less messy and you don't run the risk of having your noodles fall over! :)