PLEASE HEED!!! It is in a lousy area!!! Trying to get in and out of the parking lot which is very small is really hard because it is on Indian School Road and 33d East so the traffic holds you up.  It is not \"spa\" nice.  I don't know why it was named best spa because it is dirty inside.  Someone is either paying someone or the rating people are on drugs.  got there 15 minutes early.  three receptionists at desk as I walk in they all look to see who will help me so none do.  I had to initiate the conversation.  Then I was asked what is your last name.  Sarah who I had my first appt with was 1\/2 hour late.  So don't book with Sarah because she has no concern for your time. I asked to rebook later and was told that because I am there and so is Sarah (although a half hour late on my appt) if I leave my card will be charged as a cancel. I had to give my card number when the appt was made so they had my number. I was there on a gift certificate. She was hurrying along the facial to complete it in a half hour cuz she was late. I mean she was going fast, until I confronted her. She told me the time of my appt and that she would give me the full hour. Because she was speeding things up to get me out in a half hour she had to slow down so I laid there and  she played with my hair for 30 minutes.  there were no products for the facial in the room which lead me to believe either they use really cheap stuff they don't want me to see or they have no client retention and are afraid that by appealing to the numbers people will steal product. the toilet was overflowing in the bathroom and it had poop in it which was now on the floor.  I told someone there and she put a sign up and closed the door. There was no soap in the bathroom so who ever clogged up the toilet did not was their hands.  Could it have been an employee????   Perhaps Sarah and now she was touching my face with her hands.  I wanted to puke thru the whole facial.  I had two appts that day.  i used a gift certificate but I had to leave a card number to make the appt so they had my card number.  My second appt was with Claudine.  Claudine did my pedicure.  She cut my toe nails so short  one started to bleed.  She shoved it back in the water. They have no selection of colors for nails.  Even for it being free as a gift it was really a lousy experience. For the service it is not worth it. Try the vietnamese befor you go here. At least their lousy service is cheap and in much better locations.