Woah, so many reviews of this place. My sense is they're mostly from business and ladies' lunches, and family and hungover brunches. This place is very ok, which I think is why it works across all those categories. But it lacks pizzazz for the cost.\n\n3 of 4 of us visited the loo towards the end of our visit and were perplexed to hear airplane safety and boarding announcement recordings in the stalls. As far as we could see, airport culture has nothing to do with the decor of the restaurant, which is quite lovely, but more country kitsch (pigs, garden pails, cookbooks), and whose best feature is the expansive view onto the GO tracks and the excitement of the trains swooshing by. But these are not airplanes, these are trains (for which announcements would also be available, were that the theme instead.) The only thing the bathroom announcements made us feel is anxious to get out of there and back to our seats (are we missing our flight? are we about to take off? didn't I promise myself never to fly Air Canada again?)\n\nA lightbulb went on for me as I listened in the toilet: this restaurant was like an airport restaurant!! Its menu was in that no-standouts statistical middle zone that tries to offer an in-between meal for travelers without any big surprises. It was somewhat overpriced. Though it was busy when we arrived, it also felt weirdly anonymous and transitory. What's a Temple kitchen? Who's Mildred? Was she a former flight attendant?\n\nIf you couldn't already guess, we were enthusiastic to try a new place for lunch, but ended up feeling ho-hum about everything, from menu to \"check please.\"\n\nI did half-sandwich swapsies with my pal, so we had the chicken avocado club ($16) and the grilled cheese ($14). The chicken had a bizarre and unpleasant texture, one of the thicker parts like rubber, as if undercooked, though it definitely looked cooked. Sourdough bread was good but holey, so this was sloppy with the spreads. It tasted alright, but the chicken turned us off. The grilled cheese was better, but one wonders how to make a grilled cheese worth $14. The salad fit the bill, but it's nothing extraordinary.\n\nOur gents had trouble deciding what to order, too, and both settled on the \"Manhandler,\" basically steak and eggs, for $19. They both thought it was good, though neither was raving. The fries were deemed a bit soggy by all. Hot sauce and ketchup offered when the plates were delivered came in tiny side saucers (one on each).\n\nPints of easy-to-find Sidelaunch and Beau's are $8.50. Is this because we're in Liberty Village? Like I say, this is a safe and attractive place for local business people to take their clients, and I expect it is the easiest brunch spot for Liberty Village condo dwellers who are still tipsy and made up from the night before, and committed to making a fresh start of their lives with breakfast salad and scones.