WHERE. TO. BEGIN.\n\nTo quote another review, \"WORST SERVICE EVER.\" I accompanied my friend, N to this store along with another friend\/bridesmaid while she tried on bridal gowns. As a bridesmaid in her upcoming wedding and someone who is helping her talk out details about her wedding, I know a lot about her ideal style and what she was looking for while trying on dresses. \n\nOur trio should have known it was going to be a rough ride when we saw the unorganized chaos of the dress racks and how the consultants didn't seem to know who they were helping or which dresses belonged to which person. N's assigned consultant helped her try on her first dress, which fit awkwardly due to a easily fixed mis-sized under garment, but then he immediately left to \"go to the bathroom.\" Our bride was left standing there for a handful of minutes while we watched the consultant shoot the breeze with some coworkers after he came back from his bathroom break. Every time N was ready to try on a new dress, she had to wait for several minutes for him to remember what he was supposed to be doing. \n\nAs N was standing in one of the dresses, her consultant came over and, without asking, put a long, flowing white veil on her head. I tried to stop him, saying, \"She doesn't want a veil.\" And he promptly replied, \"Maybe YOU don't want a veil, but this isn't about you, it's about her.\" ! Here's the thing--my friend is 100% sure she does not want a long veil, but rather a birdcage\/lace veil in front. I wasn't talking about myself in the least. He said, \"I needed to give her the full effect.\" What part of \"She doesn't want a veil\" did he not understand?! The bride spoke up after me in agreement and the consultant took the long veil off her, but rolled his eyes at me as he was doing so! At another point he was taking so long to retrieve the next dress off the rack that the other person with us grabbed it and held it up to signal that we were ready to move on. Then the dirty looks really began.\n\nAt one point N asked the consultant if he could bring over a short-sleeved lace shrug sort of thing so she could put it on top of another dress to get a visual of what that might look like. He brought a long sleeved shrug that was much too big and said that was the only garment the store had; no other shrugs at all. I replied that I had seen a short sleeved one in the front of the store. He disagreed. So, when he walked away, I grabbed it from the mannequin. As the other bridesmaid and I were walking back with it, we got stopped by the store manager, who reprimanded us like an elementary school principal, for taking it off the mannequin. Fair enough--I had also found about a dozen short-sleeved lace shrugs near where we had stopped. \n\nOur consultant heard our discussion with the manager and came over. We pointed out the shrugs that he claimed the store didn't have, and he retorted, \"(the bride) told me she wants heavy beading, and these don't have any beading, so I didn't think she would like them.\" Ummmm...our friend actually dislikes heavy beading and avoids it. She later confirmed she didn't say that. Either the consultant made that up in front of the manager or had this bride confused with another. Anyhow, the manager caught the tension that was between us and the consultant and asked why we were taking things off the manequins, etc. \n\nThat's when the blow-up started. The other bridesmaid assertively said something like, \"If the service was better, we wouldn't have to try to help her ourselves. We have been waiting most of the time we've been here (etc)\" I added that the consultant claimed the store didn't have any shrugs and there were actually quite a few, with evidence next to us. We were both simply stating that we weren't feeling valued as customers. The manager didn't apologize, but instead got extremely defensive, telling us that if we wanted better service we should come M-F during the day, when it is \"completely dead\" as opposed to a busy Saturday. \n\nWe later heard that the consultant went into the fitting room with our bride after that discussion and tried to gossip about how we were \"being very snippy\" and \"making a scene.\" What was she supposed to say? We didn't want to put her in an awkward position, but I've never had anyone make so many terrible faces at me while doing their job. (I'm actually a very nice person. I'm from Minnesota!) The tension between myself, the other bridesmaid, and the consultant continued and when he had enough he rudely passed his duties onto the manager. She was better but still not that helpful--wasn't listening to what N wanted, and also took an unnecessarily long time to return with dresses. \n\nI just need to stress further that the original consultant shot dirty looks toward the other bridesmaid and myself, quite obviously, every time he was in our vicinity. \n\nIf you read this entire review, congratulations. Don't go to this David's Bridal!