Mint Indian Bistro is an interesting spot. It's not like most Indian places I'm used to. A little more upscale, a little more gourmet, a little more... well... different. My paradigm for Indian food is, in general, that the best food comes from the dingiest places - so a proportionally inverse relationship between the fanciness of the decor and the quality of the food (from the standpoint of taste). When I walked in to Mint I immediately formed an impression about what I was going to eat, and I was not too surprised in the end. Just glad to have some decent Indian food since I come from a place that has none. \n\nThe food at Mint falls into the higher-end category - better meats, obviously more hand-made sauces, etc. Not as dirty, earthy, pungent, and 'street' as the style that really rocks my socks. But it's good nonetheless, and sticks fairly well to form as being actual Indian and not fusion, which is what I tend to see at higher-end Indian places. \n\nI sampled the chicken Vindaloo, which at a half order contained a surprising amount of tender, succulent chicken but not the same amount of potatoes that I'm used to. It has a decent heat to it but not quite the \"fiery descent\" that's comically described on the menu. The Saag Paneer is quite nice, with a less 'spinach-y' flavor than I'm used to. A much more subtle and balanced version of the heady green beast. The name of our third curry escapes me - a blond affair with veggies. Nice and creamy and delicious - probably my favorite of the three. Paired up with a bowl of basmati rice and a basket of Roti, 3 half-sized (8oz) dishes makes for a beyond-filling meal for two. Props for offering half-size portions... if only the price were half too!\n\nThe drinks list is mighty impressive, with a very extensive beer selection, some fun cocktails including a whole spate of flavored lassi offerings, and of course wine. My rose vodka lassi was interesting (tasted like rose!) and the mango rum is exactly what you'd expect. \n\nThree half-plates, Roti and two lassi cocktails came to a sum total of $54, kind of a lot for the amount of food, but definitely a higher quality of ingredients than I'm used to seeing in the street Indian I usually seek out. The experience, including the impeccable service, also adds in to the value. Papadam to start, clean plates to transition from papadam to meal, and constantly full waters. This is probably the largest departure from the dirty hole in the wall spots I hit in SF for my sub-continent fix. \n\nI'd definitely come back after spending some more time exploring Indian options in LV.