I've been to Coriander a couple of times and have also ordered from them through Wheel Deliver, because sometimes I get hopelessly desperate for food resembling Indian cuisine. This last visit to the restaurant, I learned something very important and that is when you see a not-so-recently deceased clown fish on the bench in front of the aquarium where you would presumably wait to be seated or sit to view the otherwise lively aquatic environment, laugh and exit the establishment immediately. Don't sit there and continue to order a feast, no, don't. \n\nI, stupidly, was able to stop peering at and laughing about the highly visible dried up and flat dead clown fish for long enough to order way too much food. Our server was new and did not know Indian food, at all. We had to slowly repeat and point to what we wanted; neither English nor any of the many Indian languages were her first language, poor girl - she probably knew about the fish - we imagined her internal struggle over what to do about it...it being her first day and all, worrying about whether she should tell anybody for fear she will be blamed or yelled at or forced to touch it, or maybe she should just pick it up already and get it out of sight, but then what if somebody sees her and attention is brought to the fact that there is indeed a dead fish and that a person who is also handling food is handling a rotting fish...\n\nSooo, enough with Finding Nemo and on to the deplorable food. We ordered vegetable samosas as our appetizer. They were flatter and smaller than the typical samosa, scantily spiced, and they seemed to have been frozen and microwaved (hardly) rather than deep fried. They were cold. Not greasy (like I think they should be). The chutneys and mango pickle all had the quality of having been born in a factory, canned, shelved for years, opened last week and sitting out all day before being served to us. I didn't try the papadam because I could tell that that too was cheaply manufactured. For entrees, the two of us shared Baingan Bharta, Aloo Gobi and a Dosa. The Dosa was ice cold, pale white and, well, I never knew they could be frozen without breaking. The sambar that came with it tasted like Campbell's Tomato Soup. The aloo (potatoes) in the aloo gobi tasted as if from a can (can you sense a trend yet?), there wasn't much gobi (cauliflower) and the dish lacked spice and complexity. Although the texture was ok, he flavor of the Baingan Bharta was completely overwhelmed with mustard (I realized that I had noticed this with my previous take out\/delivery too - so I think it's the recipe, not a fluke). The rice was basic fluffy white rice, with literally a few cumin seeds in it but nothing else of note. Nothing was garnished with cilantro\/coriander leaves, no cardamom pods were found. The naan was the worst I've ever had, and like many components of the meal, contained the essence of the package it emerged from, kinda like frozen pizza dough, nothing much like fluffy, bubbly homemade naan, ok, the shape was about right, albeit too perfect. It also had regular butter (which I dislike and do not eat) on it instead of ghee (which I will tolerate). They were somehow out of garlic naan (Giant Eagle must have been out. of. garlic. naan). \n\nThe only reason I would go back would be to see if the fish is STILL on the bench.