The curse of this space has been lifted -- Spice, you've really done it! \n\nThat was hands down THE BEST (yes, that required all caps) meal out I've had in a long time. \n\nSo, we all know the concept of this place, yes? I don't need to go into heavy detail describing the decor or talking about how much of everything is locally-sourced, farm-to-table, etc., etc. We've all read enough of these to know--although it's still very impressive. \n\nBut honestly, living in Ohio City, where there are plenty of fabulous places, also sourcing locally within a few feet and a just a few miles, I was wondering if this place was really going to be able to surprise me... Well, it did more than that. It impressed my face off. LIterally, picture my face melting off from pure impressed feelings. \n\n...Sorry\n\nWe stopped in late on a Friday night starving and as soon as we walked in, we were acknowledged. Now, this may seem strange to others, but I loved that the first person to say \"hello\" to us was the bartender who was cleaning some glassware. See, the bar is located right next to the front door. Instead of walking in and seeing a hostess at a stand staring at you, it felt much more relaxed, yet personal. Hard to explain, but I like that. \n\nIn fact, the service the entire time was impeccable. From the bartender who greeted us, the host\/water guy who took us right to a table (and read the specials\/made some suggestions) to our waiter who was the definition of a perfect server. Professional, yet talkative. I don't know how anyone has ever had a less than stellar service experience here, because they were on it. \n\nThe food was incredible. We started with the mushroom beignets and although I've had authentic beignets in New Orleans, I really didn't know what to expect. Welp, they knocked this out of the park. No wonder why it's a mainstay on the menu--if you don't order theses, you'll be sorry. They're not *super* mushroom-y, but very savory and the honey goat cheese creme fraiche in combo with these crispy dumplings is life changing. \n\nWe also gave the tomato bisque special a try, since the host recommended it. I know what you're thinking--boring. Bisque is so done. This was divine, like fill a hottub with it and marinate in it good. The bowl was clean. \n\nFor main courses, I orded the pan-seared walleye (and keep in mind they change their menu very often) which was served with broccolini, carrot puree and tomato ginger verde. All I can tell you is to get there ASAP to make sure you try this dish before they change the menu again. The fish was light, perfected seared and there were two filets! The verde was perfect... well, everything just went together perfectly. My boyfriend ordered the lamb two ways. It came with a couple of shanks and some meatballs. I tried it and it stopped my world. I must have more lamb in my life. \n\nNormally we're not dessert people, but we were convinced the special was to die for--and of course, it was. I honestly cannot remember was it was, totally, but I know it had waffles with a frozen creme concoction. Happy, happy times. \n\nI will also note that I allowed the server to suggest me a white wine to go with my walleye and what he suggested is now my favorite white wine of all time. \n\nPerfect everything. Thoroughly impressed. Our new favorite restaurant (myself and the pickiest man alive, my boyfriend.)