Dr. Gluck and his staff managed to irritate me and mainly on the subject of ethics and how they run their practice. I saw a lot of very good reviews, which made me select them. So I am coming back to let people know that it's not the 'Camelot' of of doctors offices. (At least in my opinion.)\nHis nurse decided to take an x-ray before the doctor ever saw me. (Which is questionable, to start with.) Then when he did see me he explained how useless x-rays were for finding wrist injuries. Which wouldn't have been so irritating if they didn't charge me 100.00 for said 'useless' x-ray.  Seeing him was a bit of let down. Because he had impressive credentials I thought he might be special; maybe extra good. I thought his experience might make me relieved that I came to see him?  But honest to god my being in his office almost seemed like an inconvenience to him. Whatever he had in credentials, it couldn't account for his lack of personality and or absence of human qualities.  And to make matters worse, I got to pay him 200.00 for that. Then they (he, his nurse and staff) tried to sell me a mostly useless neoprene wrist brace for ~70.00 that I found online for for ~15.00. This became a contention point with me so I returned it to the office and had them refund it. While his staff was mostly nice about letting me return it, they were seemingly ignorant to how much they were overcharging for the items. She actually tried to contend with me on how much the brace cost and that they had given me a 'discount'. Which was a lie because I looked it up by manufacturer and model and found it online at a number of places. She offered me another (better) brace at 90.00(?) which I looked up on my phone while standing there and found it online for ~26.00. She was very nice, but I don't know how she (the office manager) could not understand what I was pointing out. I went home and ordered the brace.  \n\nEither they are OK with ripping people off or they are blatantly ignorant around what a reasonable profit should be on Durable Medical Equipment. (Maybe really bad at business?) Charging someone 2-4 times what something actually costs for a 'profit' isn't ethical. In fact it could be fraud if they are doing it knowingly. \n\nAt his (Gluck's) recommendation I got an MRI on my wrist. After getting the MRI, I called the office to confirm my (follow-up) appointment. On that call I found out they were going to charge me full price (200.00) for another office visit. Not a (free) follow-up appointment. That was the straw that broke the camel's back, so to speak. Sorry, no. I'm not going to pay another 200 dollars to have a constipated emotionless asshole read me the sentence the radiologist wrote on the file.  I canceled the appointment and I'll pay someone else, that has more ethics and less constipation, to tell me what is wrong with my wrist. \n\nAnd if you can't figure it out: don't go to this guy unless you want to get treated like an inconvenience and gouged for everything they offer you. Yeah he went to MIT for his undergrad, which I thought was cool. But .. yeah they build robots there. Maybe that is what is wrong with this guy. Other folks had good luck with him; me, not so much.