Carlo's Bakery. Yet another reason not to move back to the east coast, because Buddy has literally brought my home back to me! I couldn't have been more excited when the head waiter at Buddy V's told me it might be opening up! And now, the time has come! \n\nI attended the Grand Opening--Waiting in line was epic. Seriously. If it's gonna be similar to that everyday, I think I might go before the place even opens to reserve my butt a spot in line! \n\nMost of Buddy's family was there! Taking pictures, some even passing out snacks for the waiting people in line! They are super funny and customer service oriented!\n\nAMBIANCE: 5 - The bakery is organized, bright, and really visual-there's a ton of things to see. The amazing display cases, bakery merchandise lines the back, the artsy design of the bakery, and there is an open window outside where you can see the bakers at work. This window is right across from the mirroring window at Buddy V's! \n\nSERVICE: 5 - Service was amazing, fast, and efficient! Buddy really teaches his workers to be quick, considerate, and plain delightful!!!! If you don't know, here's how it works: First you order, then they retrieve your order and you pay. It's a fast and slow process.\n\nSo, when there is a long line, be PATIENT. The long line is mainly because of the customers; everyone is crowded and confused and trying to get done quickly, yet at the same time, wanting to see all the display cases and having to wiggle their way around people! \n\nFOOD: 5 - The food is bomb, and just like I remember it. Well, for the most part! I ordered lobster tails, red velvet cake and cupcake, napolean, tiramisu, and cream puffs. *deep breath* I might get fat because of this! But dammit, I'll die happy!!! The lobster tail is still their specialty, and STILL the best dang dessert I've ever had. \n\nCan I get a hallelujah for the price though!? Down by $9! Thank goodness for those original prices. Actually, prices for -all- items really range and are pretty reasonable. \n\nFor Grand Opening week they'll be open til midnight! \n\nSooooo am I comin' back? Of course!!! I'll be a regular before you know it!