It all started with a plan...a plan to try their dinner buffet for $23.99 on a weeknight with unlimited beer and wine. I can't possibly say no to that, can you? That was the first thing on our agenda coming in to Vegas from Orange County. Traffic happened and we got delayed, let's say 3 hours delayed form our original plan. We called to inquire what time they would put away the food if we came right at 9pm which is their closing time. We were assured over the phone that we will have more than enough time as long as we get to pay before the clock strikes 9.\n\nAfter holding our breaths and skipping out on stops for a bathroom break, we finally made it to Studio B just 3 minutes shy before closing. Whew! \n\nThe place wasn't busy at all so I wonder why it took a while for them to take us to our table. Our table was finally ready but our chairs were wet and sticky. I asked for them to replace the chairs but the server assured me it was only water so she wiped it off and left it there for me to sit on. Eek!\n\nWhen our server greeted us, we were assured once again to take our time with the food because they'll have it out until around 10pm. I heard him but as I was going through my rounds, I decided to get everything I wanted before sitting down to eat. I literally had 3 plates in front of me and a bowl of soup before I started digging in. \n\n30 minutes in and they started shutting off the lights and pulling out the dishes from the buffet. You're kidding right?! If I had listened to our server and the person who answered the phone, we would've been screwed, big time! \n\nThe rest of our party was quite upset. We had other dishes we would've wanted more of or some to try. I didn't even get the chance to hit the dessert area. Although that one closed later, I was too busy eating my main dishes before it got cold. Unlimited beer and wine alright but guess what? I only got one glass of cider. Boo!\n\nIf we all lived in a perfect world and we got here on time, I would've been able to muster a 3.5 stars for the price and value. \n\nTheir oxtail soup is one of the best I've had. The hot and sour soup was something I went back for while their prime rib was dry and a bit rubbery. Everything else was forgettable. Ok food + fair service + horrible experience = 2 stars. I've definitely had better!