Until recently I cannot even remember the last time I had gone to a Las Vegas buffet.  We chose Bacchanal at Caesar's Palace because at the time, it had great Yelp reviews and simply a reputation as being \"the best\" buffet in Vegas.  At over $60 per person, my expectations were pretty high. \n\nWhen we got to Bacchanal there was a huge line and we were told there would be a 3 hour wait!  I believe you may be able to put your name down  and walk around until your name is called.  However, there was no way I was going to hang out and wait at Caesar's for a few hours, especially when my family and I were starving.  I don't think I would wait 3 hours for any restaurant.  Turns out, we were able to get in right away since my mother-in-law is disabled and has problems standing.  Props for the manager for being so gracious about that. \n\nWhat surprised me most about Bacchanal was the atmosphere.  Because of it's reputation and price I was expecting something a bit more elegant.  A buffet though, is still a buffet, no matter how much you try to dress it up.  The large rooms with diners getting up and down and walking around to get food still reminded me of a school cafeteria.  \n\nThe food is divided into stations from several nationalities:  Asian, Mexican, Italian, plus \"American\" (prime rib, Kobe sliders, fried foods, etc.), a seafood station. And of course the required dessert station.  \n\nMy love of Asian food and Seafood prompted me to concentrate on the Asian station (sushi rolls, various Chinese dishes) and Seafood (crab legs, clams casino, crayfish).  Nothing was bad, but honestly, nothing stood out either.  Things I would not recommend:  the tacos (made with homemade tortillas) and the Kobe sliders (hard as a rock with no flavor).  There was a huge array of desserts. I sampled a few but I could not really point out anything that was truly scrumptious for me. I did not even really care for the gelato served.  \n\nPerhaps compared to other Vegas buffets this is first in class. I would prefer. spending a comparable amount of money on a restaurant that specializes in one type of cuisine and does it well.  I would also feel more comfortable dining in a bit of a more intimate setting, instead of the large cavernous rooms at Bacchanal. \n\n.