It's the Wal-Mart of liquor stores. They close too early to be fully useful. The prices are too high to appeal to the thrifty shopper. The selection is vast and wide, yet there are still items they are missing. It lacks the charm of shopping at specialty stores as well as the employee expertise. I can't really see the point of this place. \n\nIf you're having a party and you need multiple types of alcohol for the various tastes of your guests - go to a grocery store... they usually have a decent enough selection and fair prices and you aren't going to go splurge on exotic alcohol for your asshole friends who aren't even gong to help you clean up the place in the morning. The fact that it's in a College zone makes even less sense. \n\nIf you want to buy some good wine - there are several good wine stores (like AZ Wine for example) around the valley with knowlegable staff to help you out. If you want some obscure beers, Papago Brewery will set you up. There's just no substitute for asking someone who knows the product what something tastes like or what would be good for your special occasion.\n\nAs for pricing, many items we were looking at were priced higher than grocery or convenience store prices... however, I'll have to admit that this place does have some fantastic deals - if you don't mind what you drink, then come here for the sales. The website is currently showing a sale in which you buy one bottle of wine for 5 dollars and get a second for 5 cents. That's value. \n\nObviously people like having a BevMo in town, but I'm not completely sold on it. I'm going to have to revisit it a few more times to see if it can win me over. I want to give this a 2.5, but I'll round up rather than down to give this place the benefit of the doubt. I'll have to admit that it's undeniably convenient having all of those options under one roof... it's a shame they close at 9pm. Lucky for you, their website is open 24\/7. Still, Wal-Mart isn't good for anyone and I'm skeptical of this whole BevMo thing. If it takes business away from my favorite spots, I'll be angry... and BevMo... you won't like me when I'm angry.