I've been to Vegas so many times I can't count them all. I've done the Strip thing, I've done the off-the-strip thing, I even lived in Vegas for a year back in 2003-2004, but I have a new go-to place.........Fremont Street!!!  Yes, yes, I know it's anything but new. It's actually been there a long long time. Even the lightshow and all the entertainment has been there for quite some time. I unfortunately never gave it a second thought before. With so much to do on the strip, why bother with the dingy, grimy downtown scene? Well let me tell you. \n\nFirst off, if you like to drink (and if you go to Vegas you probably do) then here you have a self-contained fun zone where you don't have to worry about driving, getting a cab or walking very much. Secondly, stuff tends to be MUCH MUCH CHEAPER downtown. You can get hammered for a fraction of what it costs on the Strip. Also, gambling is cheaper. Fremont has tons of tables where the minimum can be as low 2 bucks. Sometimes it's difficult to find a table under 10 on the strip, if not more. Thirdly, there is an unlimited amount of sensory stimulation. You are bombarded by lights and bands and crazy characters and people flying over your head and etc etc etc. You also have tons of choices for food whether it be a simple hot dog all the way to a lobster dinner. To add to all of this, there is also a zip-line ( the flying people), dance clubs, museums, toy stores and even a strip club (though I wouldn't recommend going there...see their reviews). As if this wasn't enough, if you get a hotel on Fremont, you are literally so close to your room that if you feel the need to pass out, you are less than 5 minutes from reaching your goal.\n\nNow, I know what people say, Fremont is trashy. Ok, so it isn't The Cosmopolitan or Trump Tower. If you are looking for fancy then definitely do not go there! BUT, if you are down to earth and looking for a huge, casual, terribly fun party then JUST DO IT!!! We just got back and we are already planning our next trip.\n\nA footnote. The trip we just took was for my son's 21st birthday. He lived in Vegas before too and asked me, \"Mom. Why the HELL did you not bring me here sooner?????\"  Well son, aside from you not being 21, I didn't know about it. Until now!!!!