Wow! Where do I start! I was referred to this office for my daughter to have an extra tooth removed. Back in February we went for the consultation with Dr. Lilian. At that time he did his exam and told us that she definitely needed to have the tooth removed. He was pleasant and I looked forward to him doing her surgery. They had to submit a referral to the insurance for approval. I had called the office several times and the girls who answer the phone kept telling me they were waiting on the approval from the insurance. I waited a while and still never heard anything. I contacted them again in May at which time it was the same excuse that they were waiting on the insurance. (I've worked in medical offices before getting authorizations for procedures and it has never taken that long.) So after several more months of calling and getting the same excuse, I called the insurance company myself on 8\/5\/13. At which time I found out that the referral was sent in on May 28th not in February as it should have been. The surgery was approved for the sedation and extraction but denied the removal of the cyst that is holding the tooth. On 8\/5\/13, I called the office and informed them that I spoke to the insurance company and they said they needed additional information to cover the denied portion. I gave them the specific wording that was told to me by the insurance representative, so that would be covered. DSA then sent in the same notes on 8\/12\/13 with NO narrative that the insurance needed to approve it. So we get a phone call yesterday 8\/22\/13 stating that we would be responsible for the $196. I spoke with the insurance company again this morning who told me they would cover the portion of the procedure that was denied if they receive the narrative for DSA. My daughter was scheduled for surgery today 8\/23\/13 at 9 am. As soon as I arrived at the office, they demanded the $196.00. I told them I wasn't going to pay for it since it would have been approved if they would have done their job. They said either pay the $196 or wait until the insurance approves the other portion. Since all of this has been going on since February, I chose not to wait on their office to get the approval. It disgusts me that people are so careless in the services they provide. So not only is the doctor losing out on surgery money from the insurance company, their office is also losing out on doing my daughters orthodontics that was going to cost me almost $4,000. So I'm taking my daughter to a different oral surgeon that will take care of us in a timely manner!