Blu Sushi = the new Sam's Club; quantity over quality.  \n\nI used to eat at Blu Sushi 3-4 times a week for the past year.  This was unequivocally the best sushi spot in the Valley , not just the West Valley.  The fish was of the highest quality, the rolls contained no \n\"filler\" ingredients, and the atmosphere was very laid-back yet upscale at the same time.  \n\nBlu went under new ownership recently and the place has lapsed into mediocrity as a result.    Following the transition to new ownership, I dined at Blu 5-6 times giving the new owners ample time to orient themselves to the restaurant.  Each time, however, was very clear that Blu Sushi is no longer the high-quality sushi it was under the old guard.   \n\nThe new owners promptly fired all of the previous chefs, wait staff, and bartenders.  The owners brought in their relatives as replacements for all employees.  Truly, this is not an exaggeration, all of the new staff are either children or close relatives of the owners.  Which would not be a problem except all personnel are highly inexperienced and definitely a cost-saving mechanism for the new ownership.  \n\nCutting corners to save cost is the cornerstone of Blu's new business model.  Where quality, knowledge, and classiness used to be status quo, the rolls are now filled with \"krab,\" mayo, and rice as opposed to fresh fish and quality ingredients.  Other reviewers mention how big the rolls are and how they left with a full stomach, which they found to be a positive attribute of Blu.  People are impressed with the size of Blu's rolls because the food indeed fills your stomach.  However, the roll consists entirely of filler ingredients rather than quality fish.   \n\nThe corner-cutting is apparent in other areas as well.  The upscale decor has been replaced by tacky blinking neon signs, and the chefs and waitstaff have no idea what they are doing.  Sushi rolls are rolled so loosely they fall apart at the first touch.  Most orders come out of the kitchen incorrectly, but the waitresses have no idea how to fix it and always have to summon the owner to your table in order to answer a question.  Normally I would applaud the owner's presence as a commitment to customer service and excellence, but in this case it is just another cost saving mechanism meant to replace experience.  The new owners clearly have no idea how to run a restaurant and seem highly confused.    \n\nI have 2 recommendations, one for potential customers and one for the new owners.  To potential customers: If you are thinking of dining here, do yourself a favor and make the drive to another place.  Unless you are easily distracted by large portion portion volume and think that quantity replaces quality, you will be disappointed.  To to those individuals who are impressed by large quantities of bad food, you can save yourself the money and visit McDonalds and answer \"yes\" when asked if you would like to \"Super Size It.\"   \n\nTo the new owners: hire back everyone you just fired, to include the chef and the waitstaff.  It should be a clue to you how bad your restaurant is when none of the loyal regular customers have continued to frequent your establishment.  You turned the best sushi place into a low-quality dump whose only mission is to cut corners and pander to tourists.