my lord.  holy moly. and what the helly hell hell.\n\nthis place has incredible furniture. beautiful designs. one of a kind pieces.  literally.  well, at least one of a kind here in toronto.\n\nthe store which takes many units, a huge floor with many rooms in a warehouse on carlaw, has divided their store between antique furniture that they handpick from china, japan and korea.  so when its gone, thats it baby.  however, if you liked a piece that you saw before or saw online, lets say, you can have them keep an eye out for you for something similar.  they seem to get a new collection monthly.\n\nwhats more interesting is that there is a lot of modern furniture as well.  this furniture is made from reclaimed wood (all their furniture is made from wood) and theres lots of pieces that they make that are similar in design to the antique ones that theyve shipped over, so it would be a cinch to combine them in one home without it looking strange.  whats more, this allows them to take their cue from you, in that, if you really like a particular design but have specific needs regarding the dimensions of your space, they can accommodate you easily.\n\nim a sucker for things that have a billion little draws in them; i would have to wonder what the hell id fill them with but that wouldnt stop me from buying it.  i also get sucked into a worn look which most of these antique pieces have.  also, the asian design is altogether different aesthetically then western sensibilities.  the size of drawers, door, legs, widths of tables, etc., are very unique to the western eye.  what an asian person would say to this, i dont know...they probably wouldnt bat an eyelash.\n\nnow you do have to have money coming out of your ears to shop here.  its extremely expensive, but if you have the dough, then rock on.  and if youd like to start to rock on but dont know where the hell carlaw and dundas is or dont feel like going there, then go ahead and check out their website.  www.greenteadesign.com.  it has some really awesome features where you can click on a piece of furniture (their entire line is on there) and when you scroll over it, it magnifies whatever part of the piece you are hovering over so you can see the details.\n\ncoolio.